Wasn't my first time at a Firestone and also not my normal place to get my car serviced.
However, Goodyear recently went out of business and here I am.
I really didn't expect much, but was pleasantly surprised with my most recent visit.
This Firestone is new (opened in March 2012), clean, and the service is impeccable.
One thing that I should point out right away is that I do not have to pay a single dime on my car, like ever.
That's because my car is part of a fleet and the company I work for pays for everything from the gas, car washes, and maintenance.
This is just one of those perks by having a company car.
So when it comes to price, I cannot rate whether it's good or bad.
But I dig this Firestone purely based on their customer service, professionalism, and their lobby.
Yes, I said lobby.
This Firestone has one of best lobbies for an auto care center.
Seats are comfortable leather or pleather, non of that hard plastic stuff.
Each seat even has a foldable side table and they also have free wifi.
My most recent service was an oil change and tire rotation.
Start to finish took less than 40 minutes.
This has to be the best Firestone that I ever been to.
I think I just found my new favorite auto care shop.
Finally!!
I get to eat a burger.
It's been 40 days and 40 nights since I had some red meat.
I admit, I am a carnivore and giving up red meat was no easy task.
So what is the first thing I'm craving?
A burger, of course.
So, BurGR it is.
Service:  
Unique situation when we arrived for dinner.
It was around 5 PM on Easter and they were closed.
Apparently, BurGR had a small fire the night before and all the inspections kept them from opening on time.
Not a big deal to me.
Safety first, right?
Once they opened for business, we were seated right away and our orders were taken fairly quick.
Our waitress was attentive and kept our drinks full.
So far, so good.
The Food:
-American Burger:  I'm old fashion when it comes to a beef burger and decided to keep it simple.
But I also needed to make up for being meatless for so long.
So, I had them add an extra patty.
This was perfect, this was huge.
My burger was cooked medium-well and it was both tasty & juicy.
My only regret...wish I didn't get this with cheese.
The cheese was a little salty and took away from the burger.
I managed to eat the whole thing.
Obviously, I was satisfied.
Obviously, I recommend.
-Sweet Potato Fries:  This was Ty W's and Lore D's order.
But that didn't stop me from taking a few pieces.
I thought that these were pretty good.
They hook up the fries here.
It's big enough for 4.
-Truffle Parmesan Fries:  I read reviews that this is really good.
I thought that they were just okay.
Maybe it's the batch that we got.
I just thought that the ones that I had were a little under cooked.
Still tasted good, though.
Overall, I recommend BurGR if you're craving a decent burger.
Price is about average to what you expect to pay in a restaurant on the strip, especially one owned by Gordon Ramsay.
PS:  I had another great dinner with Terri R (who happened to come here last year after giving up red meat for 40 days), Terri's teen, Ty W, Lore D, and their son.
I had a great time and we all deMELished our burgers.
This is one delayed review.
Better late than never, right?
Teri W put together a UYE and of course, we weren't going to say no.
First of all, I've been to the Spring Mountain locations before.
The food is the same, but the ambiance is totally different.
This Hot N Juicy is bigger, cleaner, and has enough TV screens to keep you occupied while you wait for your food.
If you felt cramped at the other locations, then give this H&N a shot.
I dig this H&J and as for their food, it's messy good.
Present during our dinner was Teri W, Terri R, Tracy P & Hubby, Khatherine & Boypren, Michael K, and Norm K.  We had a great time during dinner and our waitresses were efficient with handling such a big group.
Like I stated before, the food is messy good.
You can't eat here without getting food all over the place.
Terri and I shared the 2 lbs of their Garlic Butter Shrimp and White Rice.
My strategy was to peel the shrimp, mix it with my white rice, and try to stay clean.
Peeling the shrimp was a slippery mess and it's a good thing I had gloves.
As for trying to be proper and eating with a fork, that didn't happen.
The garlic butter shrimp with rice was so good that I ate it Pinoy style (with my hands).
The shrimp was seasoned just right and I can't wait to give them a shot again.
TIP:  Don't wear white and use their bib.
PS:   The spice levels can be high by choice.
Ask Michael K.  He went for their hottest flavor.
I can't even imagine peeling that shrimp with no gloves and a paper cut.
Hah!
I have to say...I am a fan of Miller's Alehouse.
But I'm only a fan since it's a great place to catch the game and there's enough of a selection for everyone on the menu.
When you go to most places to watch a game, you're stuck with your usual bar type food.
Miller's has all the fried foods, burgers, and nachos if that's your thing.
However, Miller's also has other options from fajitas, soups, salads, and steak.
Even though they were known for their super-sized nachos, we didn't partake in any of it during our most recent visit.
I've had it before and they are pretty damn good.
They're perfect to share with a group if you're not counting your calories.
I ended up with a bowl of chili and a steak/chicken fajita combo.
Both meals were decent, nothing spectacular.
But I'm still giving Miller's Alehouse 4 stars because I see myself coming back one day to watch the game.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (499/500)
Happy Father's Day 2013!!!
The gurlpren took me here for Father's Day and I admit, I would have never found this place because it's located smack in the middle of a residential area.
We arrived right before noon and it was still a little quiet, especially for great day like Father's Day.
Dining for us was outside and even though we were in the middle of 100+ degree Vegas weather, we were kept cool with the shade and cool mist.
The service was great, staff was attentive, and the ambiance was relaxing.
My GF had a view of the lake, which was the relaxing part.
My opinion, I had the best view.
As for their food, lets start with their menu.
Their menu for brunch was simple and prices are what to expect from a French Restaurant.
Actually, their prices for what you get are pretty good.
I got their Steak & Eggs, which is also served with some home fries.
The steak was the highlight.
I would guess about 6 oz of well seasoned, well prepared, and thinly sliced steak.
Normally steak & eggs come a little dry.
Not here, their steak was juicy and delicious.
For my pre-steak meal, I got a cup of their French Onion Soup.
This was delicious as well.
It wasn't overly salty and had enough of an onion kick to it.
This was my first time here and I was impressed with their service and quality of food.
I'm still curious what dinner is like here so I'm going to have to come back.
I'm also appreciative to my GF for surprising me with memorable Father's Day brunch.
1OAK!
Steak & Eggs:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=bsDfORivIAUj9CIkPL5FyQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

French Onion Soup:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=YnmW7qmYq_QgVaAjqr99_A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Showed up to The Martini one evening because it was late and I was starving.
Was originally at Tivoli Village when a local suggested that we come here for a quick bite.
She also mentioned that this was also a local hang out for other bartenders and locals around town.
You really can't go wrong with a place for drinks when other bartenders go here, right?
Upon entering, my first thought was that this place is like the other pubs but more sleek and definitely more sexy.
I also noticed a few people from Tivoli Village that migrated here after they closed.
It's like the party out here in Summerlin never ends.
As for me and my friend for the evening, we shared a plate of calamari and I had their Ahi Tuna Sliders.
Both were excellent and we ended the evening with a few drinks.
Usually pubs are places to hang with the homeboys.
The Martini flipped that idea and is more of a place with an intimate setting for a quick nibble and a couple of drinks.
It's official.
In-N-Out Burger is at the LINQ.
This is also our first In-N-Out on the strip.
This was news months ago and the predication was that this location is going to be the busiest In-N-Out ever.
I don't know about that.
The Barstow CA and Tropicana NV location is pretty crazy.
The girlfriend alerted me that this In-N-Out grand opened today and I couldn't resist.
I've been to every In-N-Out in Las Vegas/Henderson and wasn't missing a chance at this one, especially since it was the middle of the week.
I'm assuming that the lines during the weekends will be cray cray.
There was a line when I arrived, but it's In-N-Out and goes by so quick.
I found one seat open and took it.
I don't know if it's temporary due to grand opening week, but my meal was served to me.
I prefer a Double Double, spread only, extra toast, and well done fries.
But on this visit, I kept it Keto style with two Flying Dutchman's (Two Patties/Two Cheese x 2).
Of course I had spread added (awesome sauce!!).
Both Flying Dutchman's were too salty for my liking.
In-N-Out is known for throwing a lot of salt on their patties, but mine was a little too much.
I'll give them a pass since they're new.
This is not your typical In-N-Out.
For one, there's obviously no drive thru.
And two, the prices are bumped up a bit.
For example, a Double Double is normally $3.60.
Here it's $4.35.
Two Flying Dutchman's usually cost me $4.76.
With a drink, I spent close to $9.00.
A Double Double Meal aka a Number 1 is about $1.50 more.
You get the point.
The upcharge is due to location and rent must be exceptionally high.
I get it, I just don't agree with it.
This location is not going to be crazy, it's going to be Karazy.
I'm sure they'll make enough to cover expenses.
In my opinion, locals should get a discount.
Overall, I'm a huge fan of In-N-Out.
I just don't see myself going out of the way to eat here.
But if I am at the LINQ and in need of a good burger, then you know where to find me.
TIP #1:  Don't forget about the secret menu.
Animal Style!!
TIP #2:  This location has a Company Store.
It's small but good to know.
TIP#3: Expect tons of tourist here.
It was cool to watch excited customers walking in and out.
I even witnessed a few hi-fives and cheering.
Poor things...we are so privileged out on the west.
2017 In-N-Out Review #4 / 2017 Yelp Review #31 / In-N-Out Visit This Week #3
Let me start by stating that I enjoy an occasional hot dog every once in awhile.
Maybe it's just me, but never understood all the hype with Pink's.
Whether it's Pinks in LA or PH, when it comes to their dogs they are just okay.
Minus all the toppings and all you really get a skimpy hot dog.
Keep in mind, I don't even think a Dodger Dog is any better.
In my opinion, 7-Eleven has better dogs at the fraction of the price.
There, I said it.
All is not lost though.
The Non-Dog Menu is pretty good.
From their breakfast burritos to their burgers, all are priced just about right for what you get.
They even have a decent chicken sandwich.
Ironic, that they're known for their hot dogs, but I think they're overpriced junk.
But the other stuff on the menu is worth it.
By the way, their breakfast burrito is my favorite.
It's a pretty big serving with eggs, bacon, and potato wrapped in tortilla.
As for the restaurant, it's located between the Sports Book and Poker Room.
Located conveniently where you will find me when I am at Red Rock.
The restaurant is clean and really only gets crowded when a good game is going on (i.e 49ers playing).
You get a great shot of the big screen.
I will still recommend Pink's if you haven't had it before.
You be the judge.
But if you been here before, try something other than their dogs.
I have dined at II Fornaio at least 3 times in the last 5 years.
I've been here for breakfast and dinner.
You'll find the typical items on their breakfast menu like coffee, pastries, eggs, pancakes, and fruit.
Breakfast at II Fornaio is just okay and the portions are on the smaller side.
I recently dined here with my girlfriend and her cousins.
Even though we had reservations, we still had to wait about 15 minutes for a table.
It was a Friday night and that kind of stuff happens.
Once seated, we looked through our menus.
I was actually surprised that II Fornaio had a lot more than just Italian food for dinner.
Il Fornaio offers a pre fixe meal for about $30, which includes salad or soup, main entrée, and dessert.
This is not a bad deal at all.
I wasn't craving Italian, steaks, or anything on their pre fixe menu.
So, I ended up with their mixed seafood dish, the Grigliata di Pesce Misto for $30.95.
This meal includes salmon, seabass, calamari, scallops, prawns, potatoes, and broccolini.
This is one of those dishes that sounded good on paper and the portions were really small.
The bigger issue was that half of my dish was okay, while the other half wasn't prepared correctly.
The salmon and the seabass wasn't fully cooked.
Both were grilled on the outside and still raw on the inside.
I was starving and figured that it's no different than sushi.
So, I ate it and didn't even mention it.
The good news...the rest of the dish was cooked.
Overall, II Fornaio is just okay.
II Fornaio is not one of those places on the strip that I can't wait to come back to.
But I'll sure that I will be back because there will always be someone I know that wants to dine here.
First of all, if you are undecided where to eat.
Drive down S. Eastern and you can't go wrong.
Restuarants on both sides from FF to sit down.
Because of the wide selection, this Red Robin is sometimes my pick when I'm in the area and am hungry.
Doesn't get too busy and service is always good here.
Their burgers are good, juicy, and the thing that sets any burger here apart is based on what you put on it.
I forget all the different types of burgers you can get, but they make pretty much everything.
The turkey burger is also good.
I tried the Oktoberfest Burger and wasn't too impressed.
I should have stuck to what I usually get, which is their Tavern Double.
So good.
Other Try's:
-Cod Sandwich.
Not bad, but Bachi's ruined it for them.
Haven't found anyone that has a better cod sandwhich than Bachi Burger.
-Patty Melt:  Okay, but small.
You will wish you got a burger.
Now my favorite, their fries.
I prefer steak fries over regular fries, season fries, garlic fries, and onion rings.
Bottomless steak fries here.
My only issue is that they give you about 10 pieces.
It's bottomless, but c'mon.
Hook it up the first time so I don't have to keep on asking for more.
Was here earlier today.
The date...August 10, 2013.
The time...around 1 PM.
Main reason for a review update...was very disappointed.
I couldn't wait to drop my stars to share my disappointment with the Yelp community.
I'm at this specific nutrition center at least once a month.
I get my proteins and PWO supps here.
I even dropped a cool Benjamin on a 6 Pack Bag here.
Las Vegas Nutrition Center isn't my first choice, but they usually price match, customer service is usually good, and their location is convenient for me.
I was disappointed after today's visit.
For the last 3 months, I've bought the same bottle of protein for the same price here.
The original price on this bottle of protein is over $40 and I usually get it for about $28 after price matching.
The first time, they contacted another nutrition center to verify price.
The last two times, they either remembered me or took my word.
Today, they refused to match the price.
I was disappointed and even mentioned that $27.99 is what I pay here all the time.
They offered $33.99, which is still a great price.
But now it's all about the principle.
I never had this problem at Discount Vegas Nutrition or Spartan Nutrition.
So guess where I will be going for supps?
That's right, not here.
I understand that they have policies and procedures.
But with all the other competitors out there willing to do what's the right thing to do, I will look to taking my business else where.
Big mistake, big, huge.
PS:  Never an issue with Glenn.
Too bad he wasn't here today.
Jjanga is AYCE for $25.95
Jjanga is new and not busy
Jjanga has excellent service
Jjanga is a good pick if you're looking for some Yum Yum Rolls.
I'm not a sushi snob, but I do prefer Sashimi's and Nigiri over rolls.
It's been forever since I've had a Yum Yum Roll.
For some reason, I was craving these California Rolls drenched in mayo.
It's been awhile.
It's been a very long time.
So, when the gf suggested sushi for our Valentine's Day dinner instead of our usual steak dinner, I couldn't help be get a little excited about it.
From the time we walked in to the time we left, we had nothing but excellent service.
The team at Jjanga can sure teach a few other sushi restuarants out there about customer service.
They know what's up and they knew how to treat me and my special lady.
Good Job, Jjanga!
My Items:
Mells Roll:  This was my first roll of the evening.
How could I not get this roll, right?
Inside was crab and shrimp.
This roll has a spectacular name, but was just okay when it came to taste.
Jjanga Burrito:  This is a hand roll with shrimp, broccoli tempura, and crab wrapped in soy paper.
This was actually pretty good and great light option if you're looking for something that isn't going to weigh you down.
Jackpot Special:  Jackpot!
I think I found the king of all Yum Yum Rolls.
This one had shrimp tempura on the inside with spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, and of course a ton of mayo sauce on the outside.
If you're going to eat bad, might as well get this.
I probably could have gotten two of these rolls.
Freshman Roll:  This had everything...tuna, salmon, and crab.
Wrapped in rice paper, my taste buds were a little confused on what it was tasting because there was so much going on.
But I still thought that this was good.
Teriyaki Chicken w/Brown Rice:  What was I thinking?
The brown rice wasn't the best and the chicken was a little bland even with Teriyaki sauce.
My bad...I shouldn't be going to a sushi restuarant expecting great chicken.
Regarding their food, I only had 4 full rolls, their Jjanga burrito, Teriyaki chicken, and Green Tea Mochi.
Needless to say, I was stuffed.
I thought that the sushi was fresh, the rolls were tight, and all were packed with taste.
Bottomline, the food is fresh.
On my next visit, I will probably go back to Sashimi's and Nigiri's because that's what I prefer.
But from someone that doesn't frequent a Yum Yum Roll, I recommend this place.
I

PS:  They got the same rolls as Sumo.
So if you're a fan of Sumo, then you'll be a fan of Jjanga.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (048/366)
I had my favorite sports nutrition store in San Diego or online.
After moving here, had to find a new location.
I avoid GNC's, Vitamin Worlds, and Vitamin Shoppes.
I avoid them because they are way overpriced.
First started going to Las Vegas Nutrition, but then I found this place.
-Prices:  The best out here in the valley.
Online might be a little cheaper, but you have to worry about shipping cost and deliveries.
-Service:  They know their stuff here.
Just tell them exactly what your needs are, what you're working on.
-Supply:  They usually have what I'm looking for.
I don't change brands much.
But everyone once in awhile mix it up when it comes to my pre-workout.
I'm here at least once per month to stock up.
There is really no reason for me to go anywhere else.
When it comes to prices, they are the best.
If they are not the best, they will match whatever is out there.
Again, they know their stuff and will not rip you off.
Every once in awhile I see people come in and want the impossible.
They want to gain 30 lbs of muscle and lose 20 lbs of fat in 3 months.
Or, they want to buy a bunch of supplements that are counterproductive.
Don't worry, Spartan will ensure that you are getting what you need.
Vegas Discount Nutrition is actually a new business in the Health, Nutrition, and Supplement business.
Don't get this place confused with Vegas Sports Nutrition that use to be here.
I'm told by other local supp businesses that Vegas Discount Nutrition bought them, moved just one door down, and dropped their prices.
Yes...for once, a business that can back up their name.
This place is one of the cheapest in town.
I remember the previous business had good prices, but Vegas Discount has the best.
What to expect:
-Great service.
Regardless who's working, I'm always treated good here.
If they don't have exactly what you're looking for, they'll check their back stock or even offer to order it.
-Prices:  Just about as close as you can get to Bodybuilding.com.
They don't offer the special bulk or stack offers like BB.com, but their individual prices for supps are damn good.
NOTE:  If you happen to find supps cheaper elsewhere, Vegas Discount will match it.
-Selection:   Whether it's a protein, PWO, Multi-Vitamin, or Post Workout, I usually stick with the brands that I know and have worked for me.
Vegas Discount tends to have everything and more.
Overall, it's obvious that I'm a fan.
I'm still loyal to Spartan Nutrition in North Las Vegas and buy majority of my supps there, but I'm also loyal to a great deal.
At Vegas Discount Nutrition, that's exactly what you'll get...a great deal.
PS:  This place even has the old school supps like D-Ribose.
Mix with your favorite PWO and it's magical.
Yeah Buddy!!!
I finally decided it was time to replace my iPhone.
I've been experiencing some battery issues the last couple of months and been hitting up Genius Bars throughout California to temporarily fix my phone.
During my last visit in San Diego, they suggested that I replace my phone quick before my warranty runs out.
I always avoided this specific Apple because of how busy it always seems to be.
There's plenty of Apple employees willing to assist, but when it's busy it can get a little nerve racking at least for me.
If you ever go to Apple to get something fixed or looked out, you must make a reservation.
You got no choice and walkin's are not accepted.
My appointment was for 4:40 PM.
I arrived early and unlike most Apple's, I was actually not seen until about 5 minutes later.
The Apple I usually go to is slow enough that they're able to assist me quicker.
This one is busy, so a wait is kinda what I expected.
My phone was eventually looked it and it was immediately replaced with a new one.
Like most Apples, service was great and what I came for was taken care of.
Overall, still a fan of Apple and will continue to come here when needed.
TIP:  I'm one of those fools that needs to know where a particular store is located, especially in a mall or shopping center.
This was my first visit here and wanted to know where to park.
I searched Yelp reviews and even attempted to call Apple just to find out where exactly in Town Square they were located by.
A friend told me right next door to Banana Republic.
Like I really knew where that was.
And when I asked her where Banana Republic was, she stated right next to Apple.
If you want to know, Apple is located near the South Garage or in between The Container Store & Whole Foods.
Always good for me to know the best place to park so that I'm in and out.
Fry's Electronics can be a bit overwhelming.
This place is huge, it's loud, it's crowded, and if you have an issue with anxiety then this place should be avoided.
But if you love your electronics, Fry's is one of the better stops in Las Vegas.
I admit, I'm a Best Buy fan.
But I also know a deal when I see it.
I also know what great service is.
Fry's is better with both of these aspects.
You can't miss this Fry's, which is located in Town Square.
You can see this place right off the freeway with the stereotypical Las Vegas giant slot machine at the front entrance.
Inside, you'll find anything and everything related to electronics, appliances, books, DVD's, and even some office furniture.
For me, service has always been great.
You can't walk a single aisle without spotting at least one employee willing help.
And did I mention price?
Prices here are pretty good too.
Two years ago, I got my 57'' and 40" TV's for less than $2,000 here.
That's a deal in my opinion.
My only issue with Fry's is that their protection plans are expensive compared to Best Buy.
PS:  In the center of Fry's is their cafe.
You'll find sandwiches, refreshments, snacks, and some pastries there.
There's enough food to tie you over and the spot is big enough to relax.
This is just another perk that Best Buy doesn't have.
Just okay in my opinion.
Went here for lunch today and here's my review:

-Grilled Chicken Burrito:  Pretty good size, but lacked some taste.
The burrito was way too neat.
When you have a carne asada or chicken burrito, you expect a messy situation.
This also means that you are killing it like a mad man.
If it isn't all over the place, it doesn't belong to your face.
Scary when chicken doesn't taste like chicken.
-Taquitos (Rolled Tacos):  I was disappointed.
Taste like cardboard and believe me, I've eaten cardboard before.
Dry as heck.
The layout of this restaurant is a bit odd.
Small counter and located towards the front.
If you sit near the back, you may not even know your food is ready.
Ours sat there for awhile until another customer brought it to our attention.
I'm still searching for a good FF Mexican Restaurant in Vegas and I'm not talking El Pollo Loco or Taco Bell.
For now, Roberto's by my house will just have to do.
Looking for a quieter location in Town Square to have a couple of drinks and some food.
English's Quintessentially British is a great choice.
A couple of things to point out first.
1.
It's small.
The bar is small and their dining area is small.
Parties of 5+ will not work at the bar.
2.
The pours here are strong.
If you're use to comped drinks at a casino, coco beware.
I had the English Coffee w/Rum and was feeling the buzz once I was done.
Keep in mind, I'm no light-weight.
My friend had their Expresso Martini which got her buzzing pretty good after just a couple of sips.
Both tasted like your normal British style coffees with the sting from the strong pours.
Delicious, warm, and also taps into your senses.
Stay thirsty my friends.
3.
Both bartenders were the best.
Eye contact, attentive, and great communicators....all good traits of a solid bartender.
Ambiance is perfect for a quiet convo and suggest this place before you wild it up at either the Blue Martini.
For me, this was a perfect stop while we waited almost 2 hours for our table at Texas de Brazil.
Niners!!
Niners!!
Niners!!
Who's got it better than us?
One things for sure, this Lids has a ton of Niner gear.
I'm a Niners fan and since they've been winning, finding Niner stuff is getting harder and harder.
At this Lids, you'll find a huge selection of Niner gear.
My Issue...it's damn expensive and there isn't a huge selection of jerseys here.
So, my review is quick...come here to shop for your favorite fan wear to see what it looks like in person then go online to buy it.
Peace Out!!
PS:  I thought Lids was the place to go to get your hats embroidered.
I didn't see a machine for that here.
When I think of poke, I don't think sushi burrito.
When I think sushi, I don't think sushi burrito.
When I think ESPN's Sportscenter, I think of Soho SushiBurrito.
I know, it sounds odd.
The SH for Soho looks very similar to SC for Sportscenter.
Now that I got that off my chest, let's discuss what Soho SushiBurrito is known for and that's, you guessed it, a sushi burrito.
I've been here a couple of times and recently brought some friends here.
They totally loved Soho.
They loved the assembly line ordering process, the different sushi burrito options, the price, and of course, the taste of their meals.
It was my friend's recommendation to come here.
And prior to ordering, they wanted to know exactly what a sushi burrito is.
My response...just a bigger sushi hand roll.
That's really all a sushi burrito is, right?
The difference is that you get a lot more in sushi burrito than you do a sushi hand roll.
I really can't hate on this place or any of the other sushi burrito spots in town because people love this stuff.
We sure have a lot of them coming up and they all tend to taste the same to me.
Just don't come here expecting super high quality poke or sushi.
The quality comes with the price and in my opinion, the price is pretty good.
The other good news is that the sushi is fresh and the toppings are almost endless.
I will get mine with just salmon or spicy tuna with imitation crab meat and chipotle mayo.
I'll eliminate the rice and go straight seaweed when I want to keep my starches down.
My sushi burrito is pretty good and cost about $10.
My only issue is that the food here is not filling.
Take my advice and don't come here hungry.
The service is great.
Soho is very popular and there's almost always a line.
The employees are always efficient and extremely patient with peeps that get to the line undecided.
Be on the lookout for a table because they fill up quick.
NOVICE TIP:  If you're not into fish or sushi, then check out their taro nachos, chicken burritos, and steak burritos

2017 Yelp Review #89
It's hard not to be a fan of Egg Works.
What you get here is pretty much what you get at the Egg and I (their other breakfast joint), Cracked Egg, and if you're in SoCal, Broken Yolk.
Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and when it comes this meal, I tend to keep it simple...just an omelet and some carbs.
On my most recent visit, I had brunch with a couple of friends.
And for my meal, I had a 6 egg white omelet with spinach and mushrooms.
It was high carb day, so I had a bowl of oatmeal added to my meal.
The food is consistent and for egg whites, very tasty.
Oh yeah, I also had some turkey bacon that actually taste like real bacon.
As for their service, I'd give them 4 stars.
Keep in mind that this is one crazy busy Egg Works on the weekends.
This visit was mid-day and mid-week.
In other words, we were seated right away, got our food right away, and was out of here fairly quick.
Overall, you can't go wrong for breakfast at Egg Works, especially if it's consistency that you're striving for.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (487/500)
Chick-fil-A (2017 Yelp Review #239)

In my opinion, this is currently the best Chick-fil-A in Henderson.
It's the only one too.
First off, this Chick-fil-A is not as busy as it appears.
The lines are all for the drive-thru.
Take my advice, park your car, and order inside.
I've been here a couple of times and have yet to even use my One App.
The line may look long, but it actually goes by pretty quick since the staff is very efficient.
My meal has been the same on every visit...8 count nuggets with an 8 count grilled nuggets.
These entrees never disappoint and is perfect if you're watching your carb intake.
I haven't tried their sandwiches, desserts, or breakfast at this location yet.
I assume that they're just as good as the other locations.
I personally like this gym.
It's small with less equipment.
But it's not busy and getting a good training session in shouldn't be a problem on most days.
Like the rest of the gyms that I workout at, this one has it's pros and cons.
Pros:
-Not very busy
-Clean equipment
-Enough cardio machines
-2 hrs parking is free with validation
-No bro jugs and peeps with ILS (imaginary lat syndrome)

Cons:
-Not enough weights.
Heaviest dumbbell is only 100 lbs.
-Only one power rack, smith machine, leg press, flat bench, incline bench, and Hammer press
-No lying leg curl machine, squat rack, deadlift platform, TRX area, and hack squat machine

The pros outweigh the cons.
This may not be the best gym for a heavy back or leg day.
But it's great for everything else as long as it doesn't get busy.
Ate at this location recently and a handful of times last year.
This place is just okay for me.
I actually prefer Hawaiian BBQ by my house.
But when in this area and in the mood for Hawaiian, then this hits the spot.
I give this place 4 stars because the food is what I expect each time and the service is always good.
-Katsu:  Actually had a bad experience with their Katsu last year, but don't think it was their fault.
Hiked Mt.
Charleston in the middle of summer.
Ate here immediately after and got sick.
But think it was more from dehydration.
-Spam Masubi:  Fresh, tightly wrapped, and pretty good.
-Loco Moco w/Brown Rice:  My go to order.
Tons of protein and fills me up for at least 2 hours.
TIP:  If ordering brown rice, it can take a little extra time.
Had what I call "Burger Weekend".
Haven't had a fast food burger in a couple of months.
So, I made up for it by having a burger Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
This was my Sunday treat.
Let me start by saying that I frequent IN-N-Out in Vegas and in California.
I'm eating at one at least once a month.
My usual is a total of 3 Flying Dutchman's.
A Flying Dutchman is two patties with two pieces of cheese.
That's it.
I carb load (3 days carbs kept to only 100 grams, followed by 1 day about 400 grams of carbs).
On my "No Carb" days, 3 Flying Dutchman's hit the spot.
Only about $6 for 90 grams of protein.
Can't beat that!!!
Now for my recent order:
-Double Double:  Spread Only / Extra Toasted
-Cheeseburger:  Same Way
-Fries

Since it's been awhile since I had a burger.
This truly hit the spot.
IN-N-Out burgers are a bit small, so I always have to order 2 burgers.
Patties are small, but always fresh.
Out of all the IN-N-Outs in Vegas, this one is probably the easiest and quickest.
Anyone been to the one on Craig and 15, they are the longest wait.
This location is in a not so busy shopping center.
Service is good and scary that they even know what I plan on ordering sometimes.
TIP:  Most know about their secret menu (i.e.
Flying Dutchman, Animal Fries, Neopolitan, etc).
You can get the full secret menu online.
I remember back in the day, before the internet, when you only got the secret stuff by word of mouth.
In the last 2 years, I've probably only been here 3 times.
However, when they first opened up (before the District was built), I was here all the time.
In those 10+ years, my opinion about GVR has changed.
GVR is still one of those quiet casinos that's still a nice one, but must air must not be circulated correctly because for a luxury looking Station Casino, it sure smelled like an old Fremont type casino.
In other words, the stench of smoke is all over the place.
I use to think GVR was huge, but now think it's just average.
I was recently here to play a little poker and the games weren't as good as they are at Red Rock.
Games weren't even as good as the Golden Nugget.
Even the buffet has slipped in the last couple of years.
I love the Station Casinos because they love their locals.
But when it comes to the Green Valley Ranch, I never seem to get any deals (i.e.
comps, free rooms, free meals, etc) like I do at the other Station Casinos.
Maybe it's because I don't play here and spend enough money here.
All I know is that it's doesn't have that luster it first had when they opened 10+ years ago.
Overall, GVR is just okay.
PS:  GVR still have fireworks during the 4th of July.
The show is actually pretty good, but it's also far from the other casinos/resorts.
If you make your way out here, all you really have is GVR.
Del Frisco's is as good as it gets in my opinion.
With some serious dieting ahead of both Terri R and I, a weekend of cheat meals filled our calendar.
I have to be honest, I originally wanted Ruth Chris but they were booked this evening.
So, I ended up making reservations here solely based on other Yelper's reviews.
Great choice Mel!
Pat myself on my back time.
First of all, service was top notch.
It all started with the lovely and very nice, Priscilla.
From start to finish, she was delightful, helpful, and made our dining experience that much better.
Along with great service from Priscilla, we received the same type service from everyone serving the food.
This place is stacked with employees that go out of their way to make you feel like you and your date are the only ones in the restaurant.
Your unsightly empty dishes are swept away with the quickness and they even clean up around you with their handy dandy table swifters.
All this pampering during dinner and you wouldn't even notice it until they're gone

Now for the food.
We got their Prime Pair, which is their $49 per person Prix Fixe.
This is a special only running through Labor Day so hurry up peeps.
This is a great deal.
Prime Par (Prix Fixe)
1.
Salads:  You get your choice of salads from their Del's, Wedge, or Caesar.
We both got their Caesar.
Although it was good, it was a just a beast to eat since it wasn't chopped.
Terri worked her way through the salad and I didn't because I thought it was too much work.
Not docking Del's because you don't go to a steakhouse and review their salad.
2.
Dinner Bread:  Nothing special here.
You get a loaf of their sesame bread.
For a place that serves quality food, the bread was less than average.
But again, you don't come to a steak house for bread.
3.
The entree is an 8 oz hand cut Filet Mignon with your choice of crab cakes, shrimp, or scallops.
I had the crab cakes, which is drenched in lobster sauce.
My goodness....this was delicious.
Terri had the shrimp and she said it was delicious as well.
She offered, but I was focused on my meal.
Now for the filet mignon....this was the 1st highlight.
Great tasting filet, high protein, and tasted like any other top notch steakhouse out here.
I mean it.
This steak can give Ruth Chris a run for their money and it's probably a tad healthier since it's not drenched in butter.
Their steaks didn't have that melt in your mouth feel, but it did have that taste of a well prepped filet.
4.
Sides:  You also have a choice of sides that included potatoes, spinach, mushrooms, and corn.
We got the potatoes, mushrooms, and for an additional cost, added their Lobster Mac N Cheese.
The 2nd highlight to this evening had to be their Lobster Mac.
Creamy/cheesy mac, lobster chunks, and a hint of lobster sauce describes this.
Tough to explain, but it's probably the best lobster mac that I have ever had.
Overall, I am giving Del Frisco's 5 stars because I expected just an okay, above average dining experience and obviously got more.
I was so consumed with my beautiful date and superb dining experience, I even forgot to snap a few photos.
But at a place like this, photos would just ruin the experience anyway.
Looking for filet mignon, a great dining experience, and somewhere off the strip...look to Del Frisco's.
You won't be disappointed.
Where do I start with DW Bistro?
First of all DW has been a long time bookmark for me.
I never had the opportunity until recently with a bunch of Yelp peeps.
Read the reviews and one thing in common with everyones review is the wait.
So, if you're a patient person, DW's is worth if for you.
I'm one of those impatient people, but had no issues hanging out with a bunch of Yelp buds while our table was being prepared.
Ambiance...so cool.
I love the decor, specifically the art pieces by Pamela Nielsen.
One thing about the decor here is that it keeps you calm.
No angry colors anywhere in this joint.
However, the prices to these pieces are pretty expensive even with the DW discount.
If I ever was to meet that sugar mama, the artwork from Pamela Nielsen would be on my list of gifts.
So right now, it's just on my wish list.
But I did get her card for one of those "I don't care about money" days.
Price is about right for the type of food this place serves.
Food presentation is the key to places like this and DW's definitely got this part right.
All their dishes are well portioned, meaning huge, and the presentation of each dish is prepped so nicely that it made it even tougher to eat.
But for someone like me, this wasn't going to be a problem since food is my number one priority.
For brunch, I ended up getting their Filet Mignon and Eggs.
By the way, this dish is not on their normal menu.
This dish comes with two 4 oz filets, 2 eggs, and some bread.
I killed this meal with the quickness so it would be tough for me to say I didn't like it.
I love me some red meat and red meat for brunch made meal #3 for the day just perfect.
Service here is great considering how busy this place gets.
We had a party of 10+ and our server dealt with us as best as he can.
Busy is an understatement here.
Yes, you have to get here before they open and line up.
We were one of the lucky ones to be here before opening and I really feel sorry for the folks that waited over an hour just to be seated.
Actually, I don't feel bad.
Their bad for coming in late.
PS:  Vanessa N shout out.
DW Bistro is super super super good.
Filet Mignon and Eggs:   http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=0W-jiyxIbSz02IOaeaPnGg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

My only treat from their pastry basket:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=KYkm65GAGeA5Esh3aZ8evQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Very important for every meal:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=HL691i6bSmoft7U-i2hWzA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Artwork by Pamela Nielsen (cooler than the other side the pillow): 
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=vKEXDzm3KTazmz1B0A-4HQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=4rIE47Bzm_rgHMCGQfg0uA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=z1irvA2JCL1C0GFMWQZwXQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Ice Box Canyon is one of the first hikes that I ever done when I moved to Las Vegas over 5 years ago.
According to my GPS, the hike from the parking lot to the waterfalls is 1.6 miles.
This hike is labeled moderate to difficult, but it really all depends on the weather and current conditions.
The hike can be easy when the wash is dry, moderate during the middle of the summer, and difficult when it's cold and wet.
You'll have to climb over boulders and scramble when it's cold and the wash is full of water.
Be careful when climbing over some of the boulders as they can be very slippery when wet.
The path is also rocky so watch every step.
One false move and you can easily sprain an ankle.
During the hot summer, the cliffs provide a lot of shade and the canyon rarely gets any sun.
Thus, the name Ice Box Canyon.
At least, that's what I was told by a fellow hiker.
There's not much of a view from the trail to the waterfalls.
I'm sure there's a great view if you can make over the falls.
It's a sight to be seen when the waterfalls actually have water.
Just the sounds of the falls crashing down can rock you to sleep.
2017 Yelp Review #23
When it comes to all your running needs, you have to give Fleet Feet a try.
I've been told by a ton of runners that the right shoe is necessary if you plan on running 5K's, 10K's, Half Marathons, and Full Marathons.
I'm not going to perpetrate that I'm the next Carl Lewis.
I'm closer to the next Rosie Ruiz.
But that doesn't mean that I don't need a pair of kicks designed just for running.
Here at Fleet Feet, you're treated with the best customer service.
Jim, who happens to be the owner, assisted me with finding the right pair for my feet.
The process is nothing like what you'd find at other sporting goods stores.
Jim takes the time to size your feet, check your arch, watch you walk, and even monitor a short jog.
After he conducts his analysis, he determines which pair or pairs will work best for you.
Then you decide which pair feels the best.
Where else can you get this type of service?
Fleet Feet knows their stuff and will make sure that you leave with the confidence that you made the right decision on your purchase.
If you're already a runner and know the importance of a good pair, all I need to tell you about Fleet Feet is that they're here to help you with all your running needs.
If you're a newbie like me, they're willing to step it up a notch to make you feel comfortable and educate you on the proper running wear.
I can't stress enough that the service here is as good as it gets.
Don't take my word for it, pay Fleet Feet a visit.
PS:  Goal for 2013 is my first half marathon.
All I need is training, focus, and a good pair of running shoes.
Got the shoes.
Now it's time to focus and train.
How do you ever give a rescue mission any less than 5 stars?
Quick answer...you don't.
But if I could give the Las Vegas Rescue Mission more than 5 stars, I would.
The Las Vegas Rescue Mission has to be one of the most organized rescue missions that I have ever been a part of.
I've donated some of my time giving back to shelters and rescue missions in San Diego and in Los Angeles.
Both those areas are big and sometimes disorganized.
Here at the LV Rescue Mission, I was quite impressed with how organized the staff was.
You're given an quick orientation when you start, then they assign a job for you.
We worked dinner service and the jobs ranged from the food assembly line, meal counter, bus tables, trash duties, in the kitchen, or dish washer.
I had trash service and absolutely loved it.
Trust me, this is the job you want to be assigned to.
This one of the few jobs where you get to meet and socialize with people that you just served dinner to.
I'm not about to imply that I'm a saint.
In fact, there's a lot more that I could do to help our community.
When I have an opportunity, I will do my part.
The Starfish Story
A young girl was walking along a beach upon which thousands of starfish had been washed up during a terrible storm.
When she came to each starfish, she would pick it up, and throw it back into the ocean.
People watched her with amusement.
She had been doing this for some time when a man approached her and said, "Little girl, why are you doing this?
Look at this beach!
You can't save all these starfish.
You can't begin to make a difference!"
The girl seemed crushed, suddenly deflated.
But after a few moments, she bent down, picked up another starfish, and hurled it as far as she could into the ocean.
Then she looked up at the man and replied,
 
"Well, I made a difference to that one!"
-Adaption of "The Star Thrower" by Loren Eiseley.
You too can make a difference.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (405/500)
3 stars because of mixed reviews.
Been here about 5 times in the last 12 months.
Half the time good service, the other not so good.
Nothing bothers me more at a restaurant than a long wait when the place is dead.
I totally understand if service lags when the place is hopping, but not when it's quiet.
My last two time I've been here I got the same service.
Took a while to be seated and once seated, took forever to take my order.
Once you get your order in, the food doesn't take too long.
So, you can't blame the cooks.
However, my bill arrived about 5 minutes after I got my food.
Talk about poor service.
Take forever to seat you and get your order, but can't wait to kick you out.
This wasn't a one off thing.
Happened my last two visits here.
I would give this place less stars, but my belly left satisfied everytime.
My Favorites Here.
-Beef Briskets
-Ribs
-Corn Bread
Staff is great and always willing to assist.
Staff also very knowledgeable and will go out of their way to help you.
This place can get busy and since this place is tiny, can get a bit crowded.
But I have no complaints since the staff and their selection in exotic pets make up for it.
Prices may not be the lowest in town, but I'd rather pay a little more from a place that I can trust.
Last purchase was a hedgehog.
No regrets, will definitely be back
Compared to Vitamin World, GNC, and Vitamin Shoppe, franchise type nutrition stores like Nutrishop always have the best prices.
This store is clean, spacious, and have some of the nicest folks working here.
From the moment I walked in to checkout, I received great service (ie no pushy salesperson).
I got what I needed and I was out.
What you'll find at a store like this is great prices, a wide selection, big name supps, and a knowledgeable staff.
I'm going to point out that this isn't my first or even second choice when it comes to supps.
Online is always cheaper, but then you got to deal with shipping cost.
Spartan Nutrition in NLV even has better prices, but this place has price match.
Bottom line...as long as you know what you're looking for and know your prices, a place like Nutrishop is the way to go.
TIP: Located really close to my gym where they sell RTD proteins at $5.
Here, they're about $2 better.
Now that's a deal.
Here at Tasty Island Carribean, you get some authentic Jamaican food.
I was introduced to Tasty Island by the GF.
We've driven by a handful of times and she's mentioned that her favorites include the beef patty and their Kola Champagne.
Her best friend was raised on Jamaican food and even she pays a visit whenever she's in town.
So, you know what this means?...means Tasty Island is some good authentic Jamaican food.
But I had to see for myself and here's my thoughts.
-Beef Patty:  I didn't have one for myself, but I did sneak a bite or two from the GF.
When I first heard beef patty, I was thinking a hamburger type patty.
I was wrong.
A beef patty here is actually quite different.
A Jamaican beef patty resembles a beef empanada.
I thought it was pretty good, the crust was flaky, and the beef was tasty.
If I wasn't trying to eat clean, I would have gotten one for myself.
-Jerk Chicken:  This is was my meal and it came with a plate full of rice.
I cheated and had a couple of spoons of the rice and it was the bomb.
My only wish...I wish could have eaten more.
The Jerk Chicken was as expected...tasty, spicy, and moist.
What?
Did I just say moist?
The Jerk Chicken reminded me of a Flip dish called Chicken Adobo, but with a kick to it.
My suggestion is the Jerk Chicken.
I want me some Jerk Chicken right now!!!
The restaurant itself is a little small.
Since it wasn't too crowded, our party of 6 ate comfortably.
Your food also takes a bit to get prepared and served, but that's how it's suppose to be here.
Not sure how many cooks in the kitchen, but they do take their time.
But it's all good, all worth it.
PS:  Tasty Island is introducing a buffet style lunch here.
Hey guys, 
    If you're in the area and in the mood for some good boba with great service, then give OMG a shot.
From the first time I've been here to the last time, great service is what I got.
On top of that, they have some of the tastiest and warmest boba around.
I'm happy that OMG opened up in my gf's hood because it eliminates those days of having to drive to Chinatown to get my boba fix.
OMG hasn't been around long and they will soon have snow slush.
In the meantime, you can smoothies and slush with a plethora of flavors.
My drink of choice...just an iced coffee or a hot coffee with boba.
This has also been the only thing that I ever get here.
If it ain't broke, why fix it?
Right?
Obviously, I'm a fan of boba and a fan of OMG.
See you here.
PS:  The owners are great.
Next time you're here, say hello to Kevin.
He's the little secret behind OMG's success.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (044/366)
I really wanted to love this place and give them 5 stars, but it was hard because I was a bit disappointed.
I gave Cane's 4 stars for their service, cleaniness, and because they have the best fast food chicken tenders in Las Vegas.
Another reason for the 4 stars is because I can't find a Chick fil A around me.
So, this place will have to do.
What I've Tried:
-The Box:  4 Chicken Fingers, Texas Bread, and Fries:  Fries were dry and the chicken fingers were greasy.
Atleast the chicken fingers were real chicken breast cuts and cooked fresh.
The Texas Bread was actually the highlight.
-Chicken Sandwich:  Pretty good, but still with greasy chicken fingers.
This was basically the chicken fingers inside a bun.
-The Sauce:  Another highlight

Really wanted to love this place, especially since fellow yelpers and friends swear by them.
All this place really did for me was crave Chick fil A even more.
Don't get me wrong, the chicken fingers were pretty good.
Just not good enough for me to give it 5 stars.
My other issue is their menu.
Not much more than just a Chicken Sandwich and Chicken Fingers.
At least Chick fil A offers wraps and breakfast.
Maybe this place has a special menu like IN-N-Out.
I suggest they create a Texas Bread Chicken Sandwich.
Now that would be good.
What has taken me so long to check MTO out?
Better late, than never.
MTO is clean, located near downtown, has a decent breakfast/brunch selection, and the cost is just about right.
What's on their menu?
-Wraps, Omelets, Skillets
-Pancakes and Waffles
-Sandwiches and Burgers
-Salads and Veggies
-Desserts and Treats

I ended up playing it safe and got the MTO Breakfast for $14.00.
This came with 3 eggs, bacon, turkey bacon, chicken sausage, spam, mash browns, and your choice of bread.
I got mine with egg whites (additional $3 charge) and wheat.
So what's the verdict?
I got a satisfying, hearty breakfast, and at a great price.
Yes...you get a lot.
The egg whites were just your average fluffy egg whites, but everything else was well prepared and delicious.
I love their mash browns, which is a mix of mash potatoes and hash browns.
If you're a fan of both, then you'll love this hybrid.
MTO's motto is "fresh comfort food".
Definitely fresh, definitely comfort food.
There's so much that I still need to try and I can't wait for next time.
What's my plan?
Maybe a burger?
Maybe their Chicken & Waffles?
Maybe a skillet?
I guess I have to come back at least 2 more times to get my food on.
Peace Out!!
Probably one of my least favorite Wells Fargo Banks that I have to unfortunately hit every once in awhile.
This Wells Fargo is located off Silverado and Bermuda.
This is also one of the busier ones inside since it's fairly close to Las Vegas Blvd and in a busy shopping center.
My biggest issues with this location is;

1.
No drive thru ATM.
There's a drive thru, but it's for El Pollo Loco.
I've been fooled the first time I came out here and thought I was in a ATM drive thru to find it out that it's for El Pollo.
As a result, found myself ordering some chicken.
2.
The lines during the day are crazy long and it seems they take forever at this location.
I know exactly why the lines here are long and you can thank guys like my brother-in-law that will only take money out of his own bank to avoid additional chargers.
I probably spend more money on gas than the $2 additional charge.
I get my hair cuts at the Xpress Cuts located in the same parking lot.
So, I really have no choice about hitting this Wells every once in awhile.
Not really sure why I'm even reviewing this Wells Fargo Bank, but I always feel obligated to write a review if I am the temporary Duke of the location.
That's right...who's house?
It's Taco Time.
Yeah, right!.
Just letting you know right now, not my idea to come here.
But it was a co-workers time to pick lunch and he swears by this place.
Why you ask?
I even wanted to know.
Well, this is the only Taco Time in Las Vegas and he grew up on this stuff back in Utah.
Big deal...now let me eat.
Nothing on the menu was appealing to me, both taste wise and calorie wise.
I ended up pulling up the myfitnesspal app and found something decent.
I ended up getting their Crisp Chicken Burrito.
I know, their known for their burritos.
I just didn't want to indulge knowing that a big dinner was within a few hours.
Their Crisp Chicken Burrito is basically a large deep fried taquito in my opinion.
Tasted okay, but that's about it.
As for the ambiance...yeah right.
This Taco Time is located at a truck stop off Blue Diamond across from from the Silverton Casino/Hotel.
When you're in here, you almost forget you're in Las Vegas.
For a minute, I thought I was in Barstow or even Baker.
Service wasn't the best and they didn't even have forks.
Good gravy...I doubt I will stumble back in here.
Depending when or if you eat here, service is really night and day.
That being said, I'm breaking this review down to food/service in AM and PM

Night:  4 Stars
At night, I noticed that there was only a handful of servers working.
But this wasn't an issue since our food was prepared and delivered pretty quick.
The servers are also very attentive and at the same time in no rush to get your out of the restaurant.
For dinner, I had their special, which is their half chicken for $7.99.
Starving like a madman, I ended up getting 2 orders making that one full chicken for me.
Yes, I finished it.
Yes, I was stuffed.
This was pretty and cheap considering how much I got.
The rest of the menu actually looked pretty good and there's enough of a selection for everybody.
Morning: 2 Stars
It's actually busier in the morning and they know this.
My issue, service really lags here.
With 8 servers working, you would think that water and our orders would be quicker than 15 minutes.
Food comes out quick once you finally get someone to take your order.
It's the pre-order part where you need some patience.
What's worse, once you get your food, your check is also handed to you.
It's almost like they can't wait for you to leave unlike at night where our server told is to take our time.
For breakfast, I got their 3 egg white omelet w/spinach and mushrooms.
This was so delicious that I almost moved the stars up to 3.
I had a good experience at night and a poor one in the morning.
I think that my overall rating of 3 stars is fair.
The Palazzo is one of the smaller, cleanest, and classier hotel & casinos that you'll find out here in Las Vegas.
I have admit, I get confused sometimes on whether I'm in the Venetian or the Palazzo because they connected to each other and have the same feel/look.
A ton of eats, shopping, and gambling at the Palazzo.
However, most of these will cost you a pretty penny.
I use to frequent the Palazzo all the time when I had a friend working at one of the restaurants.
Now that we no longer communicate, there's really no reason for me to drive out if my way to come here.
I still recommend for you to stop by and check them out.
High-end everything at the Palazzo.
Good luck and stay thirsty my friends.
My favorite PT's in Vegas.
I come here about once a month to meet a friend for lunch.
I always order the same meal (Mardi Gras Chicken).
I only go here for lunch so I cannot rate the drinks or service at night.
Staff generally good, had one time when our food took forever.
Chill atmosphere and will be back
Extra!
Extra!
Read All About It!
You're a wise man or woman, if you read some of the reviews of Greens and Proteins before trying them out.
You'll find a mix of "I've experienced better", "A-Ok", and "As good as it gets".
The most common issue...the sticker shock.
Yup, Greens and Proteins is on the Richie Rich side for what you get in quantity.
Smoothies over $10 (not lying), sandwiches over $12 (no five-dollar foot long here), and even their burgers are pricey starting around $10 (Where's the beef?).
I read the reviews and was armed with knowledge before I step foot in here.
So, why the 5 Stars from me?
It comes to down to what I think Greens and Proteins was trying to accomplish, eating on the healthier side.
One thing about eating healthier, it sure cost more and I knew that coming in.
5 Stars because I expected less and got more.
I came here for their Proteins, not the Greens, and decided on the "Build Your Own Custom Meal".
This is a 4 Step process, but I only chose Step 1, which was protein only.
You have a choice of Filet Mignon ($17), Bison ($13), Chicken ($10), Turkey ($9), Salmon ($13), and even my favorite lean meat Ostrich ($17).
I got the salmon and they knocked a few bucks off the price because I didn't get anything else with it.
The salmon is about 6 oz and to be honest, it was a little bland.
I solved this by adding a little Teriyaki sauce to it.
Voila!
Problem solved.
As for the restaurant and ambiance, it's just okay.
You get a mix of your Average Joes, Fitness Freaks, and New Year Resolutioners.
My favorite is the guy wearing a tank top, beanie, and sunglasses.
Guess this guy is just confused whether it's hot ,cold, or sunny inside.
Or, he's just too cool for the rest of us.
The wait is little longer than expected and since the restaurant is also small, it gets a little loud and crowded.
Overall, I am a fan and think Greens and Protein is as good as it gets.
If you're looking for something quick, cheap, and tasty, then Greens and Proteins may not be for you.
If you're looking for something clean, healthier, and don't mind spending a little more, then Greens and Proteins is perfect.
Another Best Buy visited, another Best Buy review completed.
I had the day planned out.
Train in the morning, UYE after, training again in the afternoon with one of my favorite people, dinner with the home girl, and end it with Fry's to buy a new wireless router.
After dinner with the home girl, the last place I wanted to do was make the trek to Fry's.
She suggested that we hit up this Best Buy since it was close.
Plus, I think she wanted a new phone and her lazy butt doesn't leave the Henderson area.
So we enter and split up to find what we were looking for.
I found not one, but two employees willing to assist me with my purchase.
I explained that I'm looking for a deal, something comparable to what I currently have at home, and something they would buy if they had to make a choice.
I was taken care of correctly and when I got home the router worked out 10 times better than my previous router.
It also helps that my previous router was over 7 years old or 1 dog year.
When it comes to stores like Best Buy, my rating really depends on service, selection, stock, and price.
For me, service is the heavily weighing factor.
At this Best Buy, I got just that...great service.
PS: The same router is a few bucks cheaper at Fry's, but at Best Buy you don't have to deal with the parking, the crowds, and the longer wait.
Convenience sometimes outweighs price for me.
I just learned something today.
I must be a hipster because I love me some cold brew.
I admit it, I have cold brew on the daily.
I have no shame in admitting to it.
You just won't see me wearing skinny jeans anytime soon.
Besides, I can't fit my quads in a pair of skinny jeans.
Let me get a couple of things out of the way first.
The customer service from the staff, including the owner, is as good as it gets.
I also don't do sweets, croissants & pastries do nothing for me, and I'm not a latte type of guy.
That being said, my review is strictly for their coffee.
Prices for their coffee is competitive to the rest of the coffee cafes out here.
An Americano is less than $3, cold brew is $4, and their 100% Kona Coffee is $5 for a 12 oz.
or $6 for a 16 oz.
Their cold brew is bold and very strong.
If you're looking for a quick "pick me up", then this is the coffee for you.
The caffeine hit is almost instant and the energy boost is sustainable.
Their cold brew is awesome.
But lets be honest here, it's all about the 100% Kona Coffee at Hi-Coffee Café.
I've had a Kona blend and it's not even close to Hi-Coffee's 100% Kona.
100% Kona Coffee is very hard to find because it's expensive.
A 12 oz.
bag of 100% Kona beans sell for close to $40.
It's crazy!
Most places that have Kona coffee will serve a blend, which is usually less than 20%.
I was at a café in Hawaii a couple of weeks ago and they even used a blend to cut cost.
Hi-Coffee's 100% Kona Coffee is legit.
It has a very smooth taste and because it's not bitter, it's sort of sweet too.
Their cold brew has enough caffeine to wake you up, while their 100% Kona has a steady flow of caffeine that keep you alert for the rest of the day.
If you need that boost, then pick your poison.
For me, it's all about their 100% Kona Coffee.
TIP #1:  A 12 oz.
cup of 100% Kona Coffee in Hawaii cost me $7.
$5 is a deal here.
TIP #2:  Great customer service.
The staff at Hi-Coffee is 100% Kona cool beans.
TIP #3:  If enjoying a cold brew makes me a hipster, then I'm a hipster.
If being a hipster is wrong, then I don't want to be right.
Short Review:
I'm a fan of Arepas.
I'm just not a fan of the Arepas served at Viva Las Arepas.
I got their Beef Empanada and Beef Arepa.
Both were greasy and not worth the price.
$5 for an Arepa the size of your fist??
I've had this place bookmarked.
Now, bookmark checked!
Time to move on.
Longer Review:
Viva Las Arepas has been one of my bookmarks since I was introduced to their neighbor, the great Art of Flavors.
Yes, Viva is located right next door in case you didn't know.
Upon entering, you're hit with nothing but orange and a menu with a decent selection.
At first, the prices looked pretty good until you get your food.
I got the Beef Arepas and a Beef Empanada.
They both tasted "Just Ok" and were super oily.
For a minute, I thought I was eating a beef chimichanga.
Both were also so small that I was able to finish my Arepas in about 3 bites.
I know I can't mention names, but I have had better Arepas out here in Vegas.
Better in regards to price, value, and most importantly, taste.
All is not lost though.
Their plantains and the service were both excellent.
I may be back, but most likely for their plantains only.
See Ya' But not here...I'll be next door enjoying the best peanut butter gelato.
Binion's really isn't a casino of choice for me.
I've never stayed here and rarely even drop a single coin here.
The casino is small, old, and can use a makeover.
Still a staple in downtown Las Vegas.
Also known as the birth place of the World Series of Poker where the legends of the game once grinded out a living.
I probably walk inside Binion's at least once a month, but usually just to get to the Golden Nugget.
Not a bad short cut from the Main Street Parking to the Fremont Street Experience.
Overall, I give this place only 2 stars because there's not much here.
I don't play here, eat here, or even stay here.
One of my favorite sporting goods store is Dick's Sporting Goods.
Not many in California and not many here in Las Vegas.
So, I'm finding myself driving a ways just to get to one.
You can compare a Dick's to Sports Authority, but I tend to find what I'm looking for here.
Usually come here for Under Armour and Nike clothing for my workouts.
It's ironic that I can usually find what I'm looking for here over the actual Nike and Under Armour Stores.
Plus, this location is a pretty big size with two levels.
My only issue is their customer service.
My first 3 times I've been here, I received zero customer service.
Seems like I always have to reach out to an employee even though there's plenty standing around just talking to each other.
I know what I want when I go to a sporting goods store, but when I need to try something on I need someone to unlock the dressing rooms.
Would be nice for once if I didn't have to go all the way to the front and always ask for someone.
So on my last visit I didn't expect customer service to be any better.
In fact, I asked someone to unlock the dressing rooms before I even started my shopping because I knew what I would have to go through.
Bought a couple of white workout tanks on my last visit and the cashier made a comment that I am buying "wife beaters".
Seriously, people still talk that way?
Kind of a sterotype in my opinion.
I give this place 4 stars for selection and 2 stars for service.
Overall rating is a 3, especially since I know I will be back to eventually buy something.
One thing about Venetian is that their food court sure looks the part.
San Gennaro Grill is one of Venetian's food courts.
In here, you have a cafe, pizza stop, gelato, and San Gennaro Grill.
My choice was simple, nothing with red meat or pork.
I ended up with their Chicken Philly Cheese Steak.
Even though Steak is in the name of the meal, there isn't any steak.
The meal came with fries for about $12.
The fries were  okay, but you wouldn't know it because I killed it.
As for the chicken philly, it totally hit the spot.
Melted cheese, mushrooms, and green peppers covered my chicken.
I thought it was also seasoned well.
My only issue was the green peppers.
I love green peppers but should have requested them on the side since there was so much of it that it over-powered the taste of the chicken and mushrooms.
The food does take a little time or they take their little time to cook it.
When I first arrived, all I saw was a bunch of people sitting at tables doing nothing.
I originally thought that they were just taking up valuable space that people actually eating can use.
Then I realized that they were just waiting for their food, just like me.
Yes, a salad can even take over 10 minutes here.
Know this coming in.
A pizza next door might be faster.
But the food here is pretty good, so the wait is worth it.
Cheap, but you get what you pay for.
Service from the servers was good, but not from the staff at the food stations.
I remember asking for turkey, guy cut a slice and immediately left.
He didn't even give me a chance to ask for an extra cut.
I asked someone else and he cut me a piece, but obviously wasn't happy that he had to actually work.
Rest of the food was sparce.
You would think that items like fish, chicken, and mash potatoes would be readily available.
Not the best food experience, so I gave dessert a try.
Not much of a selection either.
Next time I'm in the area and in the mood for a casino buffet, I will just drive the extra 4 miles and go to GVR.
I rate a buffet based on lines, selection, taste, and service.
This place only managed to hit one of the four.
Yes...line was quick.
BYO poke bowls and sushi burritos are all over the place.
Let's be real here.
You're not going to find high quality poke at any of these sushi burrito spots.
What's a sushi burrito?
A sushi burrito is basically a larger hand-roll with a just a lot more in it.
When I go to these places, I rarely pick from their menu and usually opt to build my own.
I had them create a sushi burrito with no rice, just seaweed, salmon, imitation crab, some crunch for texture, and their chipotle menu.
Since most sushi burritos are small, I also had them add 4 scoops of their cooked salmon on the side.
My meal wasn't bad at all and compared to the rest of the sushi burrito spots in town, I think this one is the least expensive.
If you're a fan Yum Yum Rolls, then you may love a place like Sweet Poke.
The protein options is abundant and you get to choose how large you want your meal to be.
Overall, the food is okay and perfect if you're looking for a quick snack.
TIP:  My BYO sushi burrito and 4 scoops of cooked salmon was less than $13.
This was about $7 cheaper than what I'm used to paying at the other sushi burrito restaurants in town.
2017 Yelp Review #200
I was first introduced to Retro Bakery from the gf when she decided to surprise me with some melt in your mouth cupcakes on New Years Eve.
It's obvious to Yelpers that know her that she has a sweet tooth.
But you know what?...I just discovered that I have one too.
Prior to actually visiting Retro, I've sampled the Red Carpet (Red Velvet), Glazed Donut, and Peanut Butter Cup Cupcakes.
Needless to say, I couldn't wait to get more.
My Review: 
-Glazed Donut:  Tasted exactly like it's named.
If you love donuts (glazed ones) and love cupcakes (good ones), then their Glazed Donut needs to be on your list.
-Red Carpet:  I only got a little taste and I know it's red velvet, but it's the buttercream that I will never forget.
The buttercream has the perfect texture & sweetness for anything red velvet.
-Peanut Butter Cup:  Oh Boy...my favorite.
And Yes, I do love me some peanut butter.
That being said...if this wasn't good, I'd say it.
At Retro, they managed to combine a creamy peanut butter to a fluffy chocolate cupcake.
So Good!!
Just curious...how much better would this cupcake be if it was on a vanilla cake?
So far so good...this is just a wishlist.
-Salted Caramel:  Just had a small sample recently and gots to say...this can rival the Peanut Butter Cup.
-Peanut Butter Chocolate Chunk:  This is cookie, not a cupcake.
I couldn't resist on my visit here.
I haven't found the perfect Peanut Butter Cookie, but Retro's is pretty damn close.
Looking for some moist, fresh, and cupcakes with style, then give Retro Bakery a shot.
Maybe it's a good thing that I'm not on this side of town too often.
My belly would go broke.
But when I'm craving some peanut butter cupcakes and cookies, I sure know where to go.
5 Stars All The Way!!!
Back in 2013, Terri R recommended that I contact Maria and Clean Queen Cleaning Services for all my house cleaning needs.
I took Terri's advice and have not looked back.
To this day, I use Clean Queen once a month.
Maria is definitely the Queen of Clean.
When it comes to finding the right cleaners to polish my house, there's a couple of requirements that I have.
They must do an excellent job, be timely, efficient, and meet my budget.
But most importantly, they absolutely must be trustworthy.
The Clean Queen meets all of these requirements and then some.
It would take me all day to even come close to cleaning my home as good as The Clean Queen.
For them, it only takes about an hour.
Everyone wants to know how much, right?
I can't quote prices, but they're very competitive to the competition out there.
Cost depends on the size of your home and the work needed to get it clean.
I have used the competition out there and Clean Queen is the best.
Just take my advice, call Clean Queen the next time you're in the need for someone to clean your home.
Amateur Tip #1:  Location?
They will service all of Las Vegas and Henderson.
Amateur Tip #2:  The first cleaning will take a little longer than normal.
It took them over 2 hours to clean my home the first time.
It only takes about an hour now, sometimes even faster.
Amateur Tip #3:  Call for a quote.
Amateur Tip #4:  Sit back, relax, or even run errands while they clean your home.
Amateur Tip #5:  Tips are nice.
So, make sure to tip them.
My favorite International Airport for sure.
I've been through many, including LA, New York, DFW, Chicago, and SFO.
By far, McCarran is the most efficient.
-Pros:
-Plenty of parking
-New Terminal (3 added this year)
-Clean
-TSA efficient and quick
-Airline Ticketing:  efficient and quick
-Plenty restaurants, but usually quick stuff.
-Trams between gate for all you lazy one's.
Like me.
-Easy airport.
Really hard to get lost here.
-One of the more quieter airports to leave from on Thursday, Friday, and Saturdays
-The Celebs.
Cons:
-Parking is expensive after 3 days.
But the same everywhere else.
-Slot Machines:  I don't gamble much, especially on slot machines.
These machines don't pay out.
I want my $10 back!!!
-On the way in, the "Vegas Baby" crowd
-Busy Sunday, Monday, and sometimes Tuesday's.
-Big Event or Big Fight in Vegas:  Expect big crowds and long waits for a taxi.
This is the one of the most convenient and easy airports around.
I'm not being biased either.
This review is a bit late.
My last real visit was about 6 months ago.
Couple of things, I've never been here before 10 PM so I don't know how the ambiance is then.
I also have never eaten here, except once having the chowder.
Not much to review here.
Nothing really impressed me about this pub.
Place is dead after 11 PM and by the looks of the parking lot during the day, it's pretty much a morgue during the day too.
I have never had an issue with their staff being rude.
Only thing that I have noticed is that if you're not a regular, you're almost forgotten.
The last time I was here, the bartender checked on me only once.
If you don't belong or not a regular, be prepared to be looking for another bar by the end of the night.
Reason for the late review is because I recently walked in and was not greeted.
No big, but after I sat I wasn't even asked if I wanted anything.
Less than 2 minutes and I was out of here.
Dear Santa,

I felt that it is necessary for me to write this letter to you before Christmas actually arrives.
I want to thank you for your dedication, passion, and hard work.
Traveling door to door or chimney to chimney on Christmas Eve must take its toll.
I know that you're under a ton of pressure to drop off gifts by Christmas morning every single year and I commend you for that.
But why do we all have to wait until Christmas to get any love from you?
News flash, there's a new Santa in town by the name of Jin Caldwell.
She's a master chocolatier, well educated in the art of making the best chocolates, and she's local to us in Las Vegas.
Jin opened up Jinju Chocolates in Downtown Container Park and you'll find the best chocolates here.
If Jin can create it, you best believe Jinju will have it.
My favorites include the Park Ranger, the Peanut Butter Cup, Espresso Caramel, Cinnamon Crunch, and the Vanilla Dream.
Jinju also has some fun creations like their chocolate dipped Twinkies & gummy worms, brownies, a life sized chocolate football, and soon to come for the holidays, a Jinger Bread House.
You know what I love the most about Jinju Chocolates?
I love the TLC that each piece of chocolate is given.
I'm salivating just thinking about Jinju's Chocolates and I don't even have a sweet tooth.
Jinju is open to us daily and if you can't make it out here, you can get chocolates shipped to you with a 48 hour delivery guarantee.
Santa, you got competition.
But don't worry, I still believe in you, the Tooth Fairy, and the Easter Bunny.
Happy Holidays!!
-Mel C

Wish List:
-Chocolate Covered Pretzel Fork
The Peppermill is Eggscellent!!
The Peppermill has been around a long time.
It's an old school favorite of mine and a go-to restaurant back in the early 2000's.
The Peppermill has not changed in years and full of enough neon to have their own Neon Museum.
I love it!!
The food portions tend to be the highlight at the Peppermill.
Every dish is on steroids.
For the bros out there, I don't mean that literally.
They hook it up to the max at the Peppermill and still manage to keep the price per meal very low.
I used to come here for their burgers, fries, nachos, and desserts.
They're all good.
But now, it's all about their 10 egg omelets.
That's not a typo...10 freakin' eggs AND it's still served with toast & hash browns.
I even talked to one of the shift leaders and she stated that most people eat only half of their meals here.
Well, not this guy.
I will deMELish their omelets every chance I get.
They're omelets are so good that it would be a shame if I had any leftovers.
This restaurant is always busy and a wait for a seat should be expected.
The service is top notch as well.
I highly recommend the Peppermill, especially if you're craving a beast of an omelet.
Just a note...
Some people have mentioned that the Peppermill looks like strip club inside.
All that's missing is a stripper pole.
I beg to differ with these people and think they got it backwards.
I think a strip club looks more like a Peppermill.
All that's missing is their 10 egg omelet.
2017 Yelp Review #52
3 Stars for the food
4 Stars for their apps
3 Stars for the service
4 Stars for free old school video games
5 Stars for being a Niner's Bar
Sorry, can't rate the drinks because I haven't had one to drink.
Let's get the two most important things out of the way first.
Number 1, HI-Scores has free Ms Pacman, pinball, and my favorite, Centipede.
You don't have to be an eighties kid to love these classics.
Number 2:  Who's got it better than us?
NOBODY!!
Yes, this is a Niner's bar.
Quest for 6, Baby!!!
You down with SF, then you're down with HI-Scores.
Shehawks, Go Home!
Lambs, Go Home!
Cardinals, well you're good this year.
I will give you that.
Besides being a Niner's bar, Hi-Scores is spacious, the apps are pretty good, and the food is below average.
Yeah, it's a bar.
So don't expect the best meal in your life here.
My suggestion, stay away from the bison burger and eat something before heading out here.
As for service, it's mixed for me.
On one visit, service really sucked and my meal was comped.
On another visit, it was great.
Overall, I can't bag on HI-Scores too much, especially since they know what's up when it comes to football.
Go Niners!!!
I really can't deny it.
Paina Café has some pretty good poke at really good prices.
$3.75 for 4 oz., $7.50 for 8 oz., and $15 for 12 oz.
I've tried their Spicy Ahi, Shoyu, Hawaiian Style Tako, and Salmon.
My favorite of the 4 is their Shoyu.
It's so good and wish that I got more than just 4 oz.
The salmon did nothing for me.
I'll just skip it next time.
Paina specializes in poke bowls priced at $9.45 for a regular or a $10.45 for a large.
You definitely get your money's worth with a large at just a $1 more.
Their Poke Crunch Bowl and Ahi Katsu look interesting.
I'm just going to have to try one of those on my next visit.
Paina Café is not just limited to poke or poke bowls.
They also have meat bowls, noodles, fried Ahi Katsu, Spam Masubi, and desserts by Ono Sweetz.
No doubt, I will be making a trip back here most likely sooner than later.
Just okay for Tropical Smoothie, but when you're in the Excalibur and looking for something quick, you're left with fast food choices.
This location is upstairs with the rest of their fast food restaurants.
I am a fan of the Tropical Smoothie chain.
My order is the same almost everytime...their Pesto Chicken Flatbread.
Service at this location is not bad, especially since most people up here are hitting up the McDonalds or Krispy Kremes.
One plus...they are either open 24 hours or stay open really late.
I've been here after midnight and they are still open.
The Capital Grille 

Guess what Yeeps?
I got some things to say.
We dined here for dinner,
celebrating a special day.
Why is the day special?
The details in a bit.
I want to review this place first.
It's was good, it's legit.
We kept our dinner intimate,
Keeping it small is the key.
With only close friends,
and the future Mrs. C. 

From calling in our resos,
to being seated.
The overall service is the best.
It's the best, I'll repeat it.
They had our table ready,
with hearts and a greeting.
I recommend this restaurant,
to dine and a meeting.
We had bread, salads, steaks, and fish.
I loved everything I ate,
I finished my dish.
The steak is quality,
and melts like butter.
The salmon's packed with flavor,
and like no other.
Back to the team,
They deserve the praise.
Mike took good care of us.
Please give him a raise.
I recommend this restaurant,
and that's on the real.
We were served great food,
at the Capital Grille.
I don't have much else to say,
I don't have a lot.
Wondering about our special day?
We are tying the knot.
This is a must see in Vegas!!!
So many great reviews about the Mob Museum.
I almost feel that my review isn't even necessary.
So, I will try to keep this one short.
I said "Try".
Bottom line, a great place to visit whether you're local or not.
But if you're local, you pay only half.
Make sure that you have ID because they verify and don't take your word.
Tons of fact, details, reading, and even the occasional mini-film.
The overall color (Red & Black), style, layout, and ease of this museum makes the time go quick.
Before you know it, you've been here for over 2 hours and still have more to look at.
Some interaction at this museum as well with touch screen facts, games, props, and quizzes.
Quick Suggestions:
-Don't plan on making this a quick 30 minute tour.
I spent over 2 hours here and didn't feel like I got through everything.
I have to make another trip soon.
Very soon.
-Read up or watch a documentary on the Mafia before visiting this place.
This may take some time off all the reading at this exhibit.
-Park at Main Street and use your BConnect Rewards card for free parking.
I would suggest parking at the California or Binions with free validation.
But remember, you need at least 2 hours here.
-Admission comes with a bracelet that I assume is all day.
Maybe next time I will check out some of the details, grab a bite in one of the casinos, then head back to finish the self guided tour.
-Don't come here after spending a good 3 hours hiking.
Yes, I came here almost immediately after a hike in Red Rock.
I was tired, but the exhibit was interesting enough to get through it.
Like a lot of other DTLV casinos, the Four Queens is small, old, and wreaks of smoke.
Nothing really at the 4 Queens that gets me going here.
However, I still have friends and family that love this place only because they've won her before.
If you see me here or check in here, it's usually because I'm here with out of towners.
Fairly loose slots based on people I know.
Table games are okay with minimal limits.
The bars are packed, but nothing worth bragging about.
I don't frequent the 4 Queens like I did back in the mid-90's.
But will stop by because I tend to use them for their parking.
Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan - Downtown Container Park

Nope, I'm not turning a new "leaf".
I'm not Vegan or a Vegetarian.
My daughter is and when I'm with her, I will eat a few meatless meals.
We originally attempted to eat at the other Vegan/Vegetarian spot around the corner, but the wait was way too long.
The Future Mrs. C. was with us and recommended that we give Simply Pure a shot.
My daughter got their grilled cheese and we shared the kale chips.
She loved the grilled cheese and still raves about it.
The kale chips are awesome, very low in calories, and surprisingly satiating.
Price for everything is about average to the rest of the Vegan/Vegetarian spots that I've been to.
I'm sure that I will be back when my daughter is in town.
My first time to a Cafe Zupas.
During lunch time, expect a crazy busy establishment.
Upon just parking, you can already see the lines through their windows.
But one thing you have to keep in mind...it's new, it's lunch time, and it's located off Eastern Ave.
So many restaurants off Eastern Ave is super packed during lunch time.
Zupas was no different.
After finally getting parked, you walk in.
The line is organized somewhat like what you see at Disneyland (minus the fast pass).
However, the line for ordering does go pretty quick.
Your food is built in an assembly like fashion starting with your salads, sandwiches, soup, and finally desserts.
The place is packed and the other concern is whether or not you will even have a seat.
Go ahead and try to save a table.
Can't do it, it's not allowed.
They even have signs posting that you cannot save a table.
This wasn't a problem since there's was at least 3 tables opened when we ate.
But I'm sure there are days where seating in limited.
As for their food, I got their Turkey Spinach Artichoke Panini with their Lobster Bisque.
The soup portions are huge and the food portions are just okay.
My sandwich wasn't bad, actually was pretty good.
It's the soup that I rave about.
The the price and taste of their lobster bisque rivals other sitdown, more expensive restaurants.
Just wish there was thick pieces of lobster in there.
My total order came up to about $10 which included the sandwich, soup, drink, a strawberry, and a lunch roll.
Prices are about average for the rest of the menu, but they do have a lunch special for $7.99.
This includes sandwich and half soup.
By the way, if you have a sweet tooth, then you have to try their desserts.
I'm not saying it's good, because for one, I don't have a sweet tooth.
And two, I didn't have any.
The presentation looks good.
I guess I will just have to wait for someone else's review to see how good the sweets truly are.
One of my issues with this place...so many damn calories in almost everything here.
I know there is because myfitnesspal told me.
Overall, I am giving this place 4 stars just because I will probably be back and so far, I'm a fan.
PS:  I still think Beach Hut Deli, which is located in the same parking lot, is better.
Also, not as busy.
Turkey Spinach Artichoke:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gCG3DRBkaUwppIrFHK3u5g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Lobster Bisque:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=54M_HQZ28B8dUcHFQAFZcA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Just for Kicks:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jebJH5dCLO1mJZqMcxwJQg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

More Food:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=LXZdzRbRcAj8sTfaGwMX_g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Signage:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=fDSg0ZiphuYR2hQRpC4mOA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Stressed Spelled Backwards:
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=tYzl3O18G4WB1mkp3oSd0g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=f4-EinZe2c1ye8xtikG7og&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=UnZINHMORJvW0b20FZxryA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=aJ64UckpSYrXXKkhAjGB-A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=eq2k5-lQHBlz3kFdnCeG6Q&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Equestrian Park:  

I didn't spend a whole bunch of time at the actual park, just some stretching before and after our 11 mile run/walk.
We started and ended our half marathon training here.
From the park, there's a paved trail where you'll find runners, walkers, and riders.
I love Saturday or Sunday morning runs.
Nothing beats starting your day with a run under the sun, especially before it really gets hot.
The trail is rather long, but since we were only striving for 11 miles total, we only got through a quarter of it.
I'm told by others that the trail run through the lakes.
The trail doesn't have any shade so make sure you bring enough water and sunscreen.
As for wildlife, there's plenty of it.
My only issue with this trail is the lack of trash cans and porta potties.
Overall, I'm giving Equestrian Park 4 stars.
Equestrian Park's trail is a nice trail that sure beats running in circles to get to your mileage goals.
One day I'll get through the whole trail.
As for now, 11 miles will just have to do.
Here's my quick review of Lola's in Summerlin.
Yes, that's right.
Lola's has opened their doors in Summerlin.
If you've been to the location off Charleston near the Smith Center, then you know what to expect here and that's good grubbin' Nawlins' style.
Unlike the original location out here, this one has more space, doesn't seem to be as busy, and is a lot cleaner.
That being said, I'm still a fan of the original.
However, if I have choice, I'd make my way here when I'm craving the authentic stuff from Louisiana.
We dined on a mid-week night and it was far from busy.
Our servers were pretty good too.
But let's discuss what's really important and that's the food.
I got their the crab cake and their Bronzed Shrimp & Grits.
This was my first time trying their crab cake and it's huge, a creamy for a crab cake, and packed with flavorful crab.
As for their, Bronzed Shrimp & Grits, still as good as it get.
You get huge pieces of shrimp on top of their grits, sausage, and mushrooms.
This was seasoned just right and you can't go wrong with this dish.
In fact, this is the only entree that I have ever ordered when I dined at the original location.
I guess I should be try something different like their Po-Boys, the chicken & waffles, their jambalaya, or their oysters the next time I'm in.
But then again, it's too hard for me to pass up their Bronzed Shrimp & Grits.
This has to be one of the smallest Whole Foods that I've been to.
But you know what?
It's also one of the easiest ones to get in and out.
I just recently discovered the food bars at Whole Foods on my quest to clean eating.
At this Whole Foods, I was unaware that they even served food because the selection is obviously smaller.
No big deal for me because my reason to ever come here to to pick up a few necessities from time to time.
My reasons for coming here;
-Flavored Rice Cakes
-UDO's 3-6-9 Oil Blend
-Ezekiel English Muffins
-Bob's Red Mill Rolled Oats

By the way, their prices for everything may be higher than most, but their bottled is cheap, cheap, cheap.
Because Whole Foods tends to be on the pricier side, I do the rest of the grocery shopping elsewhere.
But I won't discredit Whole Foods.
I encourage you to come check them out, especially this one.
Looking for a place for healthier eating with a quick in and out, then this Whole Foods has to be on the top of your list.
PS:  Like all other Whole Foods in the Valley, some of the best employees.
I put that on!!
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (401/500)
Restaurant Week...This is stop #1 for me.
Met a few Yelpers on a nice Sunday afternoon for lunch.
The RW menu consisted of  an appetizer, the meal, and dessert.
All for just $20.13.
Considering that this place normally serves well presented food and at a higher cost than average, $20.13 is a steal.
However, I actually was one of the fools that didn't order off the RW menu and got their Fish Sandwich, Poppy Fries, and Ice Cream.
The tilapia in the sandwich is fairly sized, flaky, and flavorful.
This was prepared like their Monkfish with a mix of dill and sauteed onions.
All of this was then caramelized and placed inside a bun.
This was delicious and I still could imagine the taste while I type out this review.
Nothing really special about their fries, but complimented the sandwich perfectly.
For dessert, I got their Miso Ice Cream with Chips.
The ice cream was perfect immediately following a rich tasting fish sandwich.
Now for the bonus of the afternoon...Angelo Sosa himself.
I overheard him saying to another Yelper that he only gets a chance to visit this restaurant one week out of the month.
He went straight to our table, talked a little, and posed in a photo with us.
According to the other Yelpers in our party, the food was extraordinaire today.
I wonder if it's because the boss was present.
Great dude that serves great food!!!
Hah..a rhyme every time.
Shout Outs:  Another great time with other Yelpers.
Yelpers that I met for the first time today included Ife A, Kevin P, Regina P, Earl C, and Jade W.  It was nice meeting you all and look forward to our next event.
And I can't forget Christina W, Arvin C, Vanessa N, and Anthony M.  Another meal with good people.
Actually, that's twice with you guys this week.
Let's make it a habit.
The Galleria Mall is one of the few malls where you'll find mostly locals.
Malls like Galleria remind me of the malls in California.
Almost every time I'm in Henderson, I always make a stop at the Galleria mainly for Dick's Sporting Goods, GNC, and FedEx.
I know, I'm boring.
But that doesn't mean that there isn't a ton of shopping to be had here.
All I gots to say...this is one clean mall with plenty of stores to keep everyone happy.
If you're looking for a mall where you can easily get in and out, I think the Galleria is one of them.
My suggestion, pull up the directory so you can figure out where to park.
I tend to park at Dick's Sporting Goods because most of the stores that I frequent and the food court is near.
As for food, there's a mix in their food court.
They even have Hawaiian but for some reason just doesn't taste the same in a mall.
Regarding the food, just eat outside this mall.
There's plenty of places to chow down at surrounding this mall anyway.
Shopping: http://www.galleriaatsunset.com/directory
Dining:  http://www.galleriaatsunset.com/directory
Blueberry Hill Family Restaurant - East Flamingo Road

It's been years since I've stepped foot inside this Blueberry Hill.
But in the last week, I have been here twice.
I was with a co-worker both times and we wanted something simple that fit both of our dietary needs.
One thing that's consistent with Blueberry Hill is their huge portions, great prices, and a menu with a decent selection of breakfast food.
On both visits, I got their Wild West Omelette for $11.89.
This omelet is made with 4 large eggs, slices of bacon, diced ham, and a ton of cheese.
The description on their menu even states "a lot of cheese" is in their Wild West Omelette.
This omelet fit my diet perfect since it's high in protein and super high in fat.
This is one greasy omelet and I loved it.
The entire dish is hooked up with either a choice of pancakes or toast with hash browns.
The hash brown are okay and the pancakes are worth coming back for.
As for the service, we had a great experience on visit #2 and so-so service on visit #1.
I guess you can't win them all.
Overall, I will probably be back because I know what to expect and that's your typical breakfast dishes, great portions, and affordable prices.
Chabuya - Girls Night Out and Me

My girlfriend was out of town and that wasn't going to stop her best gals from having "Girls Night Out".
Since they miss her and love me just as much, they invited me to proxy for her.
Her best bud gave me 3 choices for dinner.
I chose Chabuya because they had bulgogi.
I got a full order of their bulgogi for myself and added boiled eggs (not on the menu, just ask).
The bulgogi was on the greasy and salty side, but was still tasty and hit the spot.
By the way, the eggs are eggcellent!
We stayed for a couple of hours and even though they were closing, we were not rushed out.
Overall, the service was as good as can be and the cook even checked on us.
This library use to be my go to spot to get away and focus on what I'm working on.
I have 2 offices in Las Vegas, 1 in San Diego, and another in Orange County, but find libraries to be a place where I can get a lot done in a small period of time.
I'm one of those dudes that cannot work from home due to the distractions at home (i.e.
TV, Bed, and the Fridge).
When I get those days where I have a lot on my work plate, there are times I prefer to do some admin/office work in a library.
Yesterday, was one of those days.
My favorite library in Las Vegas is actually located in Centennial.
But if I am in the westside, the  Sahara West Library is the way to go.
This library is spacious and the main part of the library is a quiet zone.
I have been warned a few times to limit my phone use or go to the lobby to make my calls.
I guess I'm use to the Centennial location where there's not too many people there and also my phone use isn't frowned upon.
But I get it.
A library is suppose to be quiet and I need to respect others while they read their books.
Overall, I still love Centennial's and am a loyal to the library there.
But if I'm on the westside of Vegas and need that different type of focus, then you'll find me here.
This review is for the theatre, not the show Mystere.
I have been here a few times and most recently for Jo Koy.
The theatre is located close to self-parking and Starbucks inside Treasure Island Hotel & Casino.
The theatre looks small from the outside, but is a lot bigger than it appears and currently sits over 1,500+ people.
Events or shows at this theater also means long lines in and out.
I think the lines are organized pretty well until you enter the theater.
The hallways leading to your seats is very narrow and forces everyone entering/exiting to bump into each other.
It's like one big funnel.
The theatre also has a snack bar where drinks can be purchased for a huge price.
My advice, skip the snack bar because the lines are long and everything seems to be overpriced.
Jim and his team of mechanics do a great job at Meineke.
I've been taking my company car here for the last 4 years and have never left disappointed.
They're so efficient here.
My regular car maintenance is usually completed a lot sooner than their original quote.
They're honest and will tell you exactly what's wrong with your vehicle.
I recommend this Meineke for your regular car maintenance.
TIP:  This location is only a 6 minute walk to In-N-Out.
You're welcome.
2017 Yelp Review #73
There's really nothing spectacular with the food at the Grille Inside the Golden Nugget.
The Golden Nugget actually has a lot of other food options.
I always find the Grille convenient, quick, and the dirt cheap.
The menu is basic and consist of all-day breakfast, burgers, hot dogs, grilled cheese sandwiches, and salads.
The service from the cooks have always been great.
Overall, I can't knock The Grille because it is what it is and it's basically a fast food restaurant inside the Golden Nugget.
Baguette Cafe is a great place breakfast, brunch, or lunch.
Located off Sunset and Durango, it can be confusing to find.
But once you find them, you're in for a treat.
Their sandwiches and soups will leave you wanting more.
Fresh, clean, and made to order...Baguette Cafe is not only good for their sandwiches, their soups are also a fan to many.
I had their Egg Baguette Panini.
I had mine with the eggs, turkey, spinach, mushrooms, and their tomato basil sauce.
This panini comes with Swiss cheese, but opted to have it taken out.
At first bite, I thought that the bread was the highlight.
Their breads are freshly made in front of you if you're lucky like me, then you get to the substance, which is the turkey and egg.
My goodness...I loved my meal.
I chased my panini with a cup of their chowder.
This was so good too.
Dining inside looks to be a little tough during lunch time since the restaurant is small and the outside seating is minimal.
Plus, seems like everyone else is a fan because there's a line out the door.
But don't fret...the line goes by quick and your meal is served in a decent amount of time.
Egg Baguette Panini:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=9K7iy7M64wOdO0nxYmARyA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ


PS:  Service with a smile here.
They will also announce their off the menu specials.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (046/366)
Damn you Starbucks App!!
I had enough caffeine when I decided to stop at this Starbucks.
I was in the area when I received an e-mail message from Starbucks.
The message stated that I had one more mobile order to receive 75 bonus points and I had the rest of the day to take advantage of this deal.
Sweet!!
I was in need of a good Americano, was in the area, and found this Starbucks through Yelp.
Honestly, I didn't even know that this Starbucks even existed.
By the way, it's very close to Cinnaholics and the future Trader Joe's.
I placed my order, had them add some extra cinnamon, paid through my app, and picked up my coffee.
I didn't have to wait at all and didn't interact with a single employee.
By the time I walked out, Starbucks sent me a congratulatory e-mail stating that my next meal or drink is on them.
YAASS!!
Still one of the best hotels and casinos in Las Vegas.
Can anyone imagine the Las Vegas strip without Caesars?
If you go to the other casinos out here, there's a little of Caesars that has been adopted into their casinos.
Just a bunch of biters out there.
I don't get to Caesars too often anymore since I now live here, but was a regular when I wasn't local.
I love how Caesars didn't sell out with its looks, feel, and ambiance.
I still like the modern casinos that were built in the last 10 years, but Caesars is a staple in Las Vegas.
Overall, they can't be touched.
The only reason I would visit Caesars now is for the Forum Shops.
The Forum has stores within everyone's price range.
It's also a good break from the heat and gambling.
Parking is easy at Caesars.
You can self park or valet to their Forum Shops or Casino.
I still prefer to valet when I visit Caesars.
I don't gamble much, but the gaming is still live with a lot of action on the weekends.
There's still ton of eats, shopping, and sightseeing in Caesars.
If you've done Caesars, you know what I'm talking about.
If you haven't, then it's time for you to pay a visit.
PS: Caesar never lived here.
I didn't think so either.
Finally some good service!!
You have redeemed yourself.
Moved out here close to 2 years ago and was looking for that pub or bar close to my home, somewhere that I can call home, and somewhere that would treat me well.
This PT's is located fairly close to me and was actually one of the first PT's I've been to.
My first couple of experiences at this location wasn't so good.
I had experienced everything from bad food to poor service.
Nothing is worst than sitting at a bar and never being acknowledge.
At least twice, me and friends just walked out.
We almost felt like they didn't care about new customers.
Then I started hitting up other PT's around Las Vegas to realize the issue was just this location.
I had great service and a good food experience at other PT's.
I'm even at a PT's located in the southwest at least once a month.
Why can't I get that type of service here?
I almost swore that I would never come back to this location.
Fast forward almost 2 years later and I decided to give this place a try again.
Honestly, I was hungry one night, was in the mood for their "Mardi Gras Chicken" and didn't want to do dishes at home.
I told myself that if I got the bad service like I did the last couple of times, I'd never come back.
Well, PT's didn't disappoint this time.
Not only was the service 10 times better, but the food here was just as good as the other PT's.
I'm not stating that PT's has food to die for.
The food at PT's consist of your typical bar grill type food, which means usually fried food.
This is food you are to expect at a pub/bar anyway.
Their Mardi Gras Chicken, Wings, and Nachos are a must try though.
6 times a charm I guess!
I just hope my last visit wasn't an anomaly.
We'll find out soon.
Goong Korean BBQ - Las Vegas (2017 Yelp Review #250)

The southwest is blowing up big time.
Goong Korean BBQ is a great alternative to Chinatown's busy KBBQ joints.
The food at Goong KBBQ is fabulous and there's never a wait.
All meats are cooked by the staff (not you) and everything is awesome.
Their marinated sliced rib eye, prime brisket, and the Wagyu top sirloin ranks as my favorites.
If it's just me and Terri, we're almost always ordering the Beef Platter ($65 serves 2-3).
We recently dined here for dinner and because we had a pork lover with us, we got the Beef & Pork Platter ($85 serves 4-5).
The entire meal was awesome and a ton of ban chan also came with the meal.
Other highlights include their fish cakes, the seafood pancake, and of course, the steamed egg.
The BBQ is not AYCE, but the servings of meat is generous enough to fill up your belly.
I always say there's two sides to Boca Park.
You got the Charleston side which has your basic stores like Target, Verizon, Ross, Starbucks, etc.
Then you got what I call the Tivoli Village side where you got Embers, Sambalatte, Kona, Cheesecake Factory, REI, and Grimaldi's.
It's like a different town, depending on which side you're on.
One things for sure, there's a ton of people watching here.
I was recently here and having a discussion with fellow Yelper Anthony M.  One thing we're wondering was "where the heck is the gym around here?"
No, we weren't trying to get a quick workout in.
We're wondering because it seems like everyone shopping here is dressed like they are either coming back from the gym or going to the gym.
And again, some great people watching here.
I'm a fan of Boca Park and it seems like everyone else is too.
Parking can be a madhouse if you're trying to park near Embers or Sambalatte.
I usually take one pass then head straight to the parking near REI.
If I'm at Boca Park, it's usually for Sambalatte.
http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ&q=sambalatte
I have no clue why I am reviewing a smoke shop.
I use to come here at least 3 times per week because I was once a heavy smoker.
The people that work here are always pretty cool and they know their regulars.
As soon as I walk in, they already have my cigarrettes waiting for me.
Hopefully this place will not see me anymore because I am trying to give up smoking.
My goal..to become a social smoker.
I know that sounds bad, but baby steps.
Place is cheap and staff is always friendly/knowledgeable.
For this location and all the others...has anyone ever received poor service.
I have yet to have a bad experience at a Five Guys, whether it's here or in California.
Kudos to Team Five Guys.
Now for their food:
-AYCE peanuts.
Service yourself
-Sodas: Love the soda machine.
Biggest selection if you're into all types of Coke products.
-Bacon Cheeseburger:  Doesn't say on the menu, but it's a double.
Fresh, juicy, and made exactly how you like it.
-Fries:  I prefer steak fries, but these are just as good.
By the way, order the regular size because they hook it up.
This Five Guys is located right off the 15 and Craig.
Parking always abundant and the restuarant is clean.
Again, the service can't be beat.
Regarding the food, I am a fan.
I don't think it's expensive, but to an IN-N-Out it is.
Had one of those burger weekends where I had a burger Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
This was my Saturday treat.
My only issue is that I wish this place had a drive thru.
I'm not one of those Yelpers that will give 2 Stars or 5 Stars to a restaurant after just one visit.
If I have a 5 Star experience, I am almost always trying the business again before reviewing them.
If I have an experience with 2 or less Stars, I'm either not wasting my time with a review or I'm trying them again before reviewing them.
I'm also not one of those Yelpers that give a negative or very positive review just to be contrary.
That being said, Wingtime is hot, new, and already has a 5 Star Yelp average.
I have to admit, I was very skeptical about the ratings.
Really, they have a 5 Stars average already?
It's just chicken wings, right??
Then I found out for myself why this place has such a huge fan base from the neighborhood locals.
First off, their chicken wings are fresh, never frozen, and cooked to order.
Secondly, their wings have a lot of meat on them.
Substance is a huge deal to me when it comes to food in general, including wings.
I prefer a wing with more meat, less breading, and ironically, no flavors.
I don't need a wing drowned in flavors to hide a skinny, meatless, and tasteless chicken.
The wings at Wingtime are so good that their flavors and rubs are really not necessary.
But if you must know, Wingtime has at least 14 different flavors to season your wings.
I tried their Peanut Butter & Jelly Time Wing, which is crazy good if you're a peanut butter lover.
Their garlic parmesan is actually my favorite and I recommend it.
Wings and chicken fingers can be purchased by themselves or in a combo.
I recommend the Fingers N Wings Combo for $11.59 if you're undecided or a first timer.
This combo includes two chicken fingers, 6 wings (2 flavors), choice of fries, Texas toast, and a drink.
This meal comes with so much that it's good enough to feed two.
I have also tried their grilled and crispy chicken sandwiches.
Both are not currently on their permanent menu, but will be soon.
The grilled chicken sandwich is really good, fresh, and is about 6 oz.
of chicken breast.
In my opinion, you really can't go wrong with either their wings or the grilled chicken sandwich.
The restaurant is very clean and service is top notch.
Don't be surprised if every single employee, including the owner Lance, acknowledges you, greets you, and checks up on you.
I also warn you that Wingtime is very busy and there's usually a long wait for their delicious wings.
They get a lot of phone orders, take-out, and people dining in.
Keep in mind that Wingtime is not fast food and everything is cooked to order, not sitting under a lamp.
I know this and will call in my order if I don't have the time to hang out.
Overall, I highly recommend Wingtime to all wing lovers out there.
Their wings are plump, never frozen, and cooked to order.
Wingtime has at least 14 different flavors to choose from, which make them the overall "King of Wing" in the area.
5 Star Yelp Average???
I question that no more.
5 Stars from me as well.
TIP #1:  Be patient or call in your order.
Wingtime has become a local favorite and it's busy.
TIP #2:  14 different flavors, including specialties like their peanut butter & jelly, Ensenada Chilada, Berry Hot, Orange U Happy, and the very hot Ghost of Habanero.
TIP #3:  Located a couple of footsteps from Salted Malted

TIP #4:  Wings by the piece start at $7.99 for 8.
Chicken Fingers by the pieced start at $6.99 for 4.
NOTE: Each finger is about 2 oz.
of meat, 1 oz.
of batter.
TIP #5:  Combos start at $9.29 and come with wings/chicken fingers, fries, Texas toast, and a drink.
I never thought I'd ever review a book store.
But these are getting harder and harder to find.
With audio books, iTunes, technology, and TV, book stores are no longer a dime a dozen.
I remember the days as a kid sitting in a book store for hours while my parents did their shopping.
These were the days where every mall had at least 2 book stores.
You can even say that these book stores acted like a surrogate mother.
I just have to give this Barnes and Noble 4 stars because I have never walked out of here unsatisfied.
I'm also amazed that the associates here know their stuff.
I can easily use the computers that they have available for us customers.
Simply type in the book or topic of the book you're looking for and Bam!
!, it lets you know if it's in stock and where it's located.
And, that's what I usually do when I hit a BAN.
But at this one, everyone working here seems to know where everything is.
Whether it's a calendar, child's book, or a specific sports related book, they know where it is and even how many they have.
All this without even doing a computer search.
I am impressed.
This B&N also has a cafe that serves Starbucks.
Note that I didn't say they have a Starbucks inside.
If there's one issue that I do have with this B&N, it's their cafe.
It's marketed like a Starbucks, looks like a Starbucks, serves Starbucks, but doesn't accept their Starbucks gift cards.
They don't even have some of the Starbucks eats.
With all the book stores closing, these stores are getting tougher to find.
That's a shame because a library use to be a place to lose yourself in a good book.
I look at a book store the same way.
Hope this one isn't going away anytime soon.
The Flying Dutchman @ IN-N-Out

Suns out, buns out,
Lets make this fun.
It's basically a Double Double,
just minus the bun.
I enjoy the Dutchman,
First name Flying.
I could eat 2 of these,
without even trying.
Its become my go-to meal,
as if you didn't know.
It's great if you're on a diet,
it's no carbs, it's Keto.
I want one now,
Make it two, please.
That's four patties,
with four slices of cheese.
What's the price for one?
It's less than three.
That's dirt cheap,
it's almost free.
This location is busy,
there's line, there's a wait.
But here's a positive,
they stay open late.
I can't wait for lunch,
I may even get three.
It's great for protein,
and Dem Gainz with a Z.
Nearly 7 months since my last visit to this specific BabyStacks.
So, an updated review was in need.
Whether you're local or visiting, you have to try Babystacks at least once.
My opinion, still one of the best breakfast joints in town.
You can still get your eggs, bacon, and hash browns at BabyStacks.
But let's be honest, it's all about their stacks.
You can't go wrong with most of their pancakes and it's their Red Velvet that they're known for.
Other favorites for me include their Portuguese Sausage, Loco Moco (IKR?
), Garlic Rice, Biscuits/Gravy, Macadamia Stack, and their Adobo Fried Rice.
Regarding this specific location, I have to say it's the best one to go to if you're looking for less of a wait and a bigger location.
At this location, you're almost seated immediately.
However, I still think the North Buffalo location is better.
Maybe I'm biased, maybe I'm just loyal, but I think the food taste just a tad better at the north location.
But please, continue to go the south location so that I don't have to wait as long at the north one.
TIP:  On my most recent visit, I did something that I never do.
I got a full stack of their Red Velvet pancakes.
A short stack is usually good enough, especially if you're just complimenting a main dish.
I don't believe in wasting food so I cleaned my plate.
I don't think I ate for at least another 5 hours after.
First, I have to thank Mary P. for this suggestion.
Actually, she suggested the location in North Las Vegas.
But still glad I came here.
I was staying at the Hard Rock and wanted some sushi.
Had Hamada's 2 nights prior (see review) and it was horrible.
Had to redeem myself.
Service:  Tons of staff to the point that you will always have someone at your needs.
Good job Team Kaizen.
Now for the food.
Tried their Spicy Tuna, Chicken Katsu w/Brown Rice, Baked Salmon,and Caterpillar Roll.
All were tasty, fresh, not fishy, and made to order.
My co-worker had a special roll created exactly how he wanted it.
Always good when they can improvise.
Can't wait to try the location in North Las Vegas.
Only issue with this place is that they lack AYCE.
But they stated they were better than the north location.
We'll see, I will be the judge
Villa Fresh Italian Kitchen - McCarran Airport (Terminal 1 / C-Gates)

I am really jealous of all the travelers flying in and out of Terminal 3.
They have all the good restaurants.
When you're in Terminal 1, specifically the C-Gates, you're limited to a lot of fast food.
Villa Fresh Italian Kitchen is just another fast food restaurant inside the C-Gates.
Lunch and dinner is okay.
They have pizza, meatballs, and pasta.
I'll usually go with their wings for lunch or dinner.
I recommend Villa Fresh if you're here early enough for breakfast.
Their eggs, bacon, sausage, and pancakes is as good as you're going to get in this terminal.
Good Luck!
Set Up = 5 Stars
Service = 5 Stars
Selection = 4 Stars
Price = 4 Stars
Peanut Butter Chip Cupcake = 5 Stars
Carrot Cake Cupcake = 3 Stars

I love the set up when you walk in.
Ice cream to the right, cupcakes to the left.
Heck, even a cupcake ATM outside.
Just don't let size of this place and the lines fool you.
Yes, Sprinkles is tiny, yes it's crowded, and yes they are quick/efficient.
5 stars for service that's for sure.
I didn't try any of their ice creams, but that's happening soon.
I tried the Carrot Cake and Peanut Butter Chip cupcakes.
For those that know me, know that I love a good carrot cake and anything with peanut butter.
So here are my thoughts on both....

Peanut  Butter Chip Cupcake: This was so good, moist, had just enough chocolate, and packed with a creamy peanut buttery taste.
I've had a few peanut butter cupcakes in my lifetime and would honestly rank Sprinkles near the top.
If you're a fan of Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, then you'll be a fan of Sprinkles' Peanut Butter Chip Cupcake.
My only regret is getting only one.
Carrot Cake:  The icing was good, but thought that the actual cupcake could have been better.
This was packed with a ton of carrots and a little dry.
Again, I've had carrot cake cupcakes before and have yet to find one that I really like.
Sprinkles didn't impress me with their Carrot Cake.
But hey...it's all about their Peanut Butter Chip.
If you're at the Linq, then I recommend that you check out Sprinkles and judge them for yourself.
I see myself coming back to try one of their ice creams and of course, back for their Peanut Butter Chip cupcakes.
There is no shortage of good coffee houses in Vegas.
Desert Wind Coffee Roasters is not just good, it's one of my favorites.
I rank Desert Wind Coffee Roasters as one of the best in Vegas.
You'll find fresh, quality coffee made from beans from all over the world.
Their Breaking Bad themed espressos are the best.
The owners and employees at Desert Wind Coffee Roasters all have a passion for serving great coffee.
If you're undecided, the crew will always assist.
Just give them your current mood and what you're fiending for.
DWCR will figure it out and recommend something that meets your taste.
The only downside, which is not their fault, is the location.
I'm rarely in the area and they're closed when I crave them the most (after 5 PM or Sunday's).
My favorites include....
-The Gustavo - Tiny bit of coffee with a ton of espresso.
-Liquid Breaking Bad - Triple espresso
-The Walter White - Strong w/half & half, some chocolate, and caramel.
-Just an iced coffee, which is dirt cheap at about $2.50
North Beach Italian Bistro - Las Vegas, NV

Short Review:
North Beach Italian Bistro is a local spot in the Northwest that deserves a lot of praise for their excellent customer service, authentic Italian dishes, huge portions, and great entrée prices.
I'm a fan and couldn't wait to tell friends how good this place is.
Longer Review:
North Beach Italian Bistro has been around for a couple of years now.
North Beach Italian Bistro shares a building with Bogie's Bar right off Ann Road in the Northwest.
The one thing that I immediately noticed that separates North Beach Italian Bistro from Bogey's Bar is the huge aquarium.
I didn't make reservations, but it's highly recommended since this restaurant is small and can fill up quick.
From start to finish, the overall service was awesome.
Our server gave us her recommendations, some insight on the local's favorites, and warned us that the portions are very generous.
Their small salad and a side of meatballs are big enough to feed two.
I got their Chicken Parmigiana, which is served with mozzarella cheese, Pomodoro sauce, and pasta.
Our server wasn't lying about the portions for their entrees.
The chicken parm that I got was 3 huge pieces of breaded chicken breast.
The meat was tender and the breading was on point.
My belly was satisfied with one breast, but I couldn't help myself.
I finished the whole thing.
Yes, it was that good.
North Beach Italian Bistro is one of those places where you cannot judge quality and portion size by their prices.
Most of their entrees cost around $15 and you get a lot for your money.
The portions are so big that I left stuffed and my fiancé took home leftovers.
Overall, I highly recommend.
Good Job, North Beach!!!
I know Slidin' Thru has been around for some time now, at least 2 years.
But I never had the opportunity to eat here until last night.
Our original plan was Tea Time for boba, but ended up here instead since they were closed at the time.
What you get at Slidin' Thru is basically sliders that are infamously sold through their food trucks.
There's a list of sliders that you opt for, including pork and chicken.
It was my first visit and decided on the Captain's Orders and the YaYa.
Each slider is $3.50.
However, one is free when you check in through your Yelp app.
Not a bad deal if you ask me.
Both sliders were extremely tasty and full of flavor.
The YaYa was a little rich for me.
It's all good since I went back and forth taking bites out of the YaYa and Captain's Order.
We also washed down our sliders with some of their delicious sweet potato fries.
Perfect combination if you ask me.
I've been told that Slidin' Thru restaurant isn't as good as their actual food trucks.
I wouldn't know the difference since I never had a slider from their food trucks.
All I know is that at this joint, their sliders are good enough for me to want more and cheap enough for me to come back.
I remember when Krispy Kreme Doughnuts opened on the west coast.
I remember these doughnut shops were found in almost every city.
One thing about a Krispy Kreme, the quality and taste is consistent.
First from the inside, you get to witness how a Krispy Kreme donut is actually made.
It's actually pretty cool to watch the process.
Because of the assembly line process, it's no wonder why their donuts are always consistent.
Service here has always been great.
When it comes to their donuts, the glazed is what they are known for.
TIP:  Whether you're going ordering inside or drive thru, request for their fresh batch.
Nothing beats a fresh hot glazed Krispy Kreme Doughnut.
Let's start with location..located inside the Miracle Mile Shops in PH.
Been to Miracle Mile a bunch of times and never noticed this place.
Got word from Yelp that this was a must try, so I came to try.
Tested and Approved:
-Lobster Roll Original:  Had the XL Lobster Original Roll.
Delicious, but expensive for what you get.
But what are you to expect for lobster?
Thick pieces of lobster inside a buttery roll.
Perfect lobster claw to top it off.
This is a must try if it's your first time here.
-Lobster Mac N Cheese:  I actually liked this better than their lobster roll.
Not too cheesy with a perfect blend of lobster pieces.
-Tator Tots:  Mixes well with the Lobster Mac N Cheese.
-Lobster Ice Cream:  To be honest, doesn't sound pleasing at all.
But not too bad, I just didn't taste any lobster since the pices are frozen.
I plan on trying other items on their menu.
Once I do, I'm sure to update my review.
Cons:
-It can be a hassle to come here.
I don't see myself going out of my way to eat here.
But if I'm in Planet Hollywood, Paris, or the Miracle Mile Shops, then it's on.
-Seating: Tables are litterally the size of the serving trays.
-Price:  Lobster Roll, Lobster Mac, and Tator Tots.
Bill came to over $40.
Pros:
-Lobster!!!
You have to try at least once then determine if it's for you or not.
I really didn't want to review this gym because I wanted to keep the rest of the gym goer's out of here.
That's right, I'm one selfish dude.
A couple of years ago, I made this gym my swim gym.
I only came to this gym to swim, no weights, no other cardio....just swim.
I don't swim much anymore, but in the last 10 months I started coming out here to mix it up, get a good training session in, and a little cardio.
This gym is one of my favorite out here because it's usually not as busy.
You can say that this is sometimes my Monday night gym.
I don't want to recommend this gym because I want to keep it to myself.
But if I have to be honest, this 24 Hour Fitness is one of my favorites out here.
Gym Recap:
-It's a Super-Sport
-Plenty of equipment, free-weights and machines.
-Squat/Power Rack with adjustable bars for heavy Rack Pulls.
Except for LVAC, no other gyms have these hybrid Squat/Power Racks with adjustable bars that go low enough to do deep Rack Pulls.
-Obviously, a great back gym with their Power Rack, but also a good chest gym with multiple flat and incline benches.
-Spacious locker room with huge lockers.
NOTE:  Showers tend to get full, so time it right.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (043/366)
Wow...A new location and all reviews are 5 Stars.
Albeit only 3 reviews, this is a new location on the Westside (i.e.
the best side, throwing up the W!!).
If you read my review of the Eastern location, I too gave them 5 stars.
However, it's easy to dismiss these posts as biased ones since there is so little reviews.
I had to investigate because that's what I do.
I am a fan of Greens & Proteins and one complaint about them is price.
Most of the items on the menu are pricey and to be honest, don't have much taste either.
Keep in mind, G&P is healthy and that includes you to have an healthy wallet.
I'm not a baller by any means, but will splurge when quality proteins is what my body needs.
I also use to have food delivered to my home via "Eat to Grow".
This was pricey too and taste is only for the desirable.
I made my biggest gains on these meals and G&P is no different.
I've tried their Salmon and Ostrich Burgers in the past.
At this location, I opted to try their Turkey.
You get 8 oz of clean protein and less fat with their Turkey Burger.
This meal is also served with their Jicama fries.
The turkey was pretty good, but the fries is something that made it into the basura with the quickness.
After Lent, I will definitely come back for their Filet Mignon.
I gave the other location 5 stars, but had to drop this location to 4 stars.
This G&P is more spacious, but missing that ambiance that the Eastern location has.
Great people watching at the Eastern location.
Because this location is new, the staff is also new.
Knowledge is power and a newbie staff can mean weakness.
When I order at places like this, I like to know how much the servings are like protein count, total ounces, etc.
The staff actually had to go to the back and ask.
They also didn't know if they served fat-free ranch.
I know, I'm just getting picky but these are the things most health driven restaurants would know.
I'm sure by the next visit, they'll be more prepared.
Thus, I will probably up their rating back to 5 stars.
Still a fan of Greens and Protein.
Don't be surprised if you see multiple check in's from me at this joint.
This is a new and more spacious location.
I'm sure within the next couple of months, the word will be out and the ambiance will mimic what the Eastern location provides.
My Review of Jessie Rae's BBQ:
The brisket is good, but that's about it.
I didn't have the best experience at THIS Jessie Rae's BBQ because I felt that my order was wrong and the rest of the food was just okay.
Overall, I'm not dissing Jessie Rae's BBQ.
I'm dissing Jessie Rae's BBQ inside Cactus Jacks.
I'll just have to try their original location.
Until then, a very generous 3 stars is all they get from me.
The Food:
-House Hold of Three: This is supposed to be a huge sandwich with brisket, pulled pork, and a smoked sausage.
Instead, I got an average sized bun with pulled pork and chicken.
My order was wrong and since I was craving brisket, I was a bit disappointed.
I brought my order to the bartender and he stated that my order IS the House Hold of Three.
Well, they better fix their menu then.
Look at my pictures.
I see chicken in my pictures, not brisket or smoked sausage.
Fail!
The good news was that I was able to try the brisket since my girlfriend got it.
The brisket is good and I recommend it.
-The Pulled Pork:  Not the best.
Maybe a little more sauce is needed to hide the taste of grease.
-The Chicken:  I didn't order this, but ate it anyway.
It was just okay.
-The Mac n' Cheese:  Small, a little pasty, and bland.
-The Baked Beans:  Besides the brisket, this was my favorite.
Very rich and hearty.
The Service:
The main dining area was closed off and I'm not sure if they typically have servers.
They didn't on the day that we went so we gave our orders to the bartender.
Our food didn't take too long to be served.
I still feel that my order was wrong.
The Establishment:
Located inside Cactus Jacks.
Keep in mind that you're in a bar, which also means you'll be dining with the cigarette smokers.
Tips:  
-Try their original location.
They have all the great reviews.
2016 Yelp Review #14
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #10

Our Halo-Halo Challenge stops at 10 locations, with Goldilocks as our last contender.
We decided early that Goldilocks would be last because they have been around for quite some time with 21 locations in the US, it was recommended by others, and we remember that their Halo-Halo was pretty good.
In other words, we wanted to save the best for last.
What we found was some inconsistencies to how I remember Goldilocks' Halo-Halo to be.
Cost for their Halo-Halo is $4.99.
Ingredients included kaong, pinipig, nata de coco, macapuno, red beans, ube ice cream, lanka, condensed milk, and shave ice all mixed together.
Missing was real ube and flan.
Halo-Halo means "Mix-Mix" and that's what you do to eat this treat.
You start with this pretty dessert and you mix it.
But what I found at Goldilocks is that they tend to mix mix what they put in their Halo-Halo.
I've had Halo-Halo from Goldilocks from locations ranging from their Philippines, NorCal, SoCal, and now Vegas.
I swear flan and even legit ube was in their "Mix-Mix".
I guess all locations are different, which left me disappointed when I didn't get what I wanted in their Halo-Halo.
Overall, I still finished my Halo-Halo but would not consider theirs as my favorite.
Sorry Goldilocks, but you need flan and ube in your Halo-Halo to make me happy.
Like some of the other Halo-Halo contenders, food was also taste tested.
I wanted their chicken BBQ on a stick because the pictures on the menu looked so delicious.
But they were out and this wasn't the first time this happened to me.
I ended up with their half chicken BBQ with garlic fried rice.
Just a note, folks...rice is not included with their meals.
You have to order rice separate.
So, don't assume you're getting it and they don't ask you either.
My meal still hit the spot.
My Halo-Halo was just okay, but at last their chicken BBQ was good.
PS:  We committed to ending this challenge at 10 locations.
We know there's more out there (ie, Nanay Gloria's, Red Ribbon, DT's, etc).
Maybe part 2 of this challenge is in the future, maybe not.
One things for sure, we're both ready to get back to eating clean and training mean.
This Halo-Halo Challenge was a great way for me to decompress from all that damn grilled chicken breast.
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:
Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
Contender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:self
Contender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ
Contender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self
Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw
Contender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg
Contender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA
Contender #8 (Fiesta Filipina):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
Contender #9 (Ito'y Sariling Atin):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/itoy-sariling-atin-las-vegas#hrid:X3FQeLTQycMELQ66wgpvIQ
24 oz.
Cold Brew for $4!
Sold!!
I totally dig Joe Maxx Coffee and here's why...

1.
They serve a smooth and strong cold brew.
24 ounces is only $4
2.
Their chocolate covered coffee beans for $.25 each is addicting.
3.
Joe Maxx Coffee is clean, spacious, and Wi-Fi is available.
4.
They have a drive-thru.
5.
They're open at 6:30 AM.
Joe Maxx Coffee also serves lattes, teas, sandwiches, bagels, and a nitro cold brew.
That's it!
Review done!!
Has to be one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Las Vegas.
The rooms are spacious, clean, and cozy.
My only issue with both my stays at their hotel is the fountain.
The first time I stayed here, I felt that I lucked out with views of their infamous fountain from my room.
But if you're one trying to get to bed early, the sounds of the water crashing down and the bright lights have you tossing and turning all night.
My second stay was facing the fountain as well but I was prepared with ear plug and Capt N Morgan.
By the way, I cannot comment on the price because both times were paid by someone else.
As for the casino floor, Bellagio has a lot to offer.
The Conservatory, Gallery of Fine Arts, conference rooms, restaurants, and their poker room are all favorites of mine.
Although, I've never had the stack or the skills to ever play in Bobby's Room, it's just an amazing feel knowing that million dollar hands are played out almost daily.
If you've been to Las Vegas, you know all about the Bellagio.
If you're looking to visit, make this a stop.
No expense needed for the fountain and people watching.
Like what other Yelpers stated already...loud and crowded.
Tough to hold a conversation unless you're at the bar or their patio dining.
Always a wait everytime I've been here.
The last 2 times, I ate outside.
But sometimes you can be forgotten.
Now for the food...tough to rate them any different than a BJ's or Gordon Biersch.
I don't know what it is, but their food taste the same.
There is a selection here so you will have no issue finding what to eat.
I usually just get the salmon which is tough for anyone to mess up.
Usually go to a Yard House to socialize more than anything.
Price is little above a BJ's, but cheaper than a Cheesecake Factory.
Who writes a review of a gas station?
I do, that's who.
I feel obligated to write a review here because I stop at this gas station at least once a week.
Located off Blue Diamond right next to In-N-Out.
There has been many days and nights where I am in the area and have to make that very important decision; eat at In-N-Out or get something at Fills.
Recently, I've been picking Fills because they are the only gas station that I know that carries RTD Isopure (Ready to Drink Protein).
Isopures have only 160 calories, zero carbs, and 40 grams of protein.
This may not fill me up, but has enough nutrients to sustain me for my next meal.
Also a great post workout whey protein.
Other than the Isopures, the staff here is above average.
Ironically, have yet to get gas here.
Only issue...this gas station has a car wash that always seems to be either closed or broke.
First of all, this is not the donut house.
That's what I was thinking when the homegirl chose Winchell's for lunch.
Come to think of it, she's always choosing a pub for lunch.
Pros:
-Cheap eats.
Food here is priced pretty good.
Example:  8 oz filet for $21.99.
Ton's of daily specials and lunch specials.
-Wide selection for a bar, grill, and pub
-Taste:  I say you get what you pay for.
Nothing taste really bad, but not excellent.
Again, it's cheap.
-Dining room seating or bar seating
-Video Poker if that's your cup of tea
-Plenty of parking.
Cons:
-Smoking:  It's a bar and pub, should be expected.
-Dark inside
-Service is not the best.
Took a while for our orders to be taken, even longer for the food to arrive.
-Wide selection of food, but not the best place to if you're watching your cals.
I tried their 8 oz Filet and cup of chili.
The filet was little dry and tasted close to a NY Steak.
Still got my protein from it, so I was happy.
The chili here was my highlight.
It's topped with onions and also has a little kick to it.
I almost got seconds, but figured that it was best that I didn't since I was trying to keep the calories a little low for the day.
Overall, the 3 stars means that the food here is just okay.
Don't let the 3 stars discourage you.
Winchell's is a good place to hang out with friends and even get a meal in.
I'll probably be back again to meet the homegirl for lunch.
Otherwise, I just don't see myself going out of my way to eat here.
Pass up on reading the reviews folks.
Check out a few photos and you'll end up bookmarking this place.
I've had this place bookmarked for one reason...BOBA!!!
I just wasn't going to drive out of my way to get it.
Well, tonight worked out perfectly since I was across the street having dinner with Terri R.  Terri brought this place up, pulled up a few photos from other Yelpers, and I was sold.
One issue though, everything that looked really good had fruit in it and I can't eat fruit.
So, plan B (i.e.
Plan Boba) was in effect.
We were too lazy to use the crosswalk or get in our cars, so we played a little Frogger by jaywalking and dodging a few cars.
We got to Icy Juicy in one piece.
Even better, I'm considering this my cardio for the night.
Icy Juicy is a small restaurant that serves a plethora of treats from snow ice, boba, yogurts and a bunch of fruit creations that is best described through pictures.
Everything looked and sounded good.
I opted for the Cappuccino Slush w/Double Boba.
My drink was delicious and cold like it's suppose to be.
My favorite part was the warm boba with each slurp.
Looking forward to taking the family here when they're in town.
Next time I'm here, I'm trying their Monster Toast minus the fruits.
TIP:  You can't go wrong with the food, but service was just okay.
We waited and waited for our check.
After reviewing a few other reviews, this looks like a common theme.
One of my bosses from the East Coast loves this restaurant and we'll hit it up every time he's in town.
All of my experiences here have been during lunch time so I really can't tell you much about dinner.
I'm sure it's the same, busier, and minus their lunch specials.
You really can't go wrong with anything on their menu.
My favorites include their carne asada plate and steak fajitas.
Their plates are huge and they hook up more than just the rice & beans.
Sometimes I'll dine here in the middle of dieting and have always found something "clean" enough to eat.
They'll even substitute some of the rice & beans for more steak.
Besides Vegetarians and Vegans, who doesn't want more steak?
It's not surprising that a lot of Yelpers rave about the service here.
The hostess and servers are all over customer service.
They treat you good here and most importantly, they'll keep your bowl of chips full.
Finally!!
This has been a bookmark for quite some time months before their opening.
In fact, Yelp Las Vegas even has a Talk Thread about Max's Restaurant (http://www.yelp.com/topic/north-las-vegas-halo-halo-and-maxs).
What's all the hype...it's suppose to be Filipino food at its finest.
I've had their popular crispy chicken before.
And what I can remember, it was crunchy, greasy, and yet, it was still tasty.
Fast forward to now, the chicken is still greasy, still crunchy, and still tasty.
My Thoughts:
-The Restaurant:  I know it's a new Restaurant and is suppose to be clean.
Guess what?
It was was.
I was actually impressed with the size, decor, spaciousness, and cleanliness.
I don't remember a Max's being this clean.
Max's of Manila in Las Vegas is a change

-Ambiance:  Comfortable, for me at least.
I would say it was 99.2% Filipino.
Make that 99.9% after Terri R and I arrived.
It's their soft opening, so busy they were.
The mood was fast paced once you finally get your food.
As soon as you leave, they fill your vacant tables.
Lines, lines, and more lines.
Customer were coming from all over.
You even notice this from the parking lot with all the NV plates, CA plates, and rental cars.
The wait for us was suppose to be 40 minutes, but we ended up being seated just 15 minutes later.
NOTE:  This can still seem like an eternity if you're hungry like a madman.
-Service:  Not at their finest.
Once seated, we waited patiently, then impatiently for a long 15 minutes.
Keep in mind, this is just to get our orders taken and your drinks filled.
Max's is Filipino and their service is definitely on "Filipino Time".
-The Food (Max's Budget):  Like I stated earlier, their chicken hasn't changed over the years.
I ended up with their Max's Budget, which consisted of a leg quarter of Max's full chicken, 3 baby pieces of Shanghai Lumpia, a cup of white rice, and Caramel Bar.
The chicken had a lot of meat and was tasty.
The chicken was also greasy.
I use to be a fan of this type of chicken.
Not anymore.
But I can't complain about it because this is how they set for their fried chicken to taste like.
My mom's fried chicken is even made this way.
Geez, my family parties even have chicken made this way.
In other words...comfort "Food for You".
(http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=k0PIF3xHTbBa16EtRCe3yg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)

-The Food (Max's Teaser):  I also ordered the Max's Teaser, which is their Calamari, Fries, and Shanghai Lumpia.
I don't eat fried foods much anymore and only got this to taste test.
I was disappointed with this order because it was skimped to the Max (pun intended).
I felt disgusted after killing the whole plate.
Yes, I had to deMELish this but it didn't take much because I didn't get much.
I don't want to sound "kuripot" and I get it...it's called Max's Teaser for a reason.
They just teased me and ganked me with baby portions.
(http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=qm-sSyuKcJ-aYusyMZqMnQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)

-Price:  I'm mixed here because Terri's Kare Kare looked hooked up, my main meal's portion was average, and the Teaser was lacking everything.
But if you need to know, dinner for two with an appetizer only cost $33.
I guess that's not bad at all.
Overall, it would take a little more for me to give this place 5 stars because they are not "As good as it gets".
It's also tough for me to give them less then 4 stars because Max's Las Vegas is how I remember them and exactly what they aim to be...that's comfort Filipino food and served at a "Filipino Time" pace.
I'm sure I will be back because my out-of-town friends and family are fans.
I'm sure they'll want to come here when they visit.
PS:  I thought the artwork on their paper place mats were a little interesting.
These are just some of the things you notice when you're waiting to be served.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (465/500)
We were at Aliante Casino & Hotel to watch a movie.
We had a few hours to spare and were both starving.
The problem with Aliante Casino & Hotel is the lack of great and quick places to eat at.
We weren't feeling the food court and decided on Farm.
I really didn't expect a lot from Farm due to their 3 star review average.
I have to be honest, the service was pretty good.
I read some of the reviews and the complaint is slow service.
We didn't have that issue when we dined here.
We were seated right away and only had to wait about 10 minutes for our orders to be taken.
The food took another 10 minutes to be served.
I got a cup of chili and the T-bone steak dinner.
The chili was pretty good and had some kick to it.
However, I wasn't too impressed with my steak.
It was dry, very fatty, and gray.
I know that this may sound weird, but I prefer my steaks to be brown, not gray.
Bottom line, the belly was feed and I got my protein in.
The restaurant wasn't busy when we arrived, but started to get really busy around 6:30 PM.
Their menu is basically the same as a Denny's and prices are about the same.
During the late nights is when the deals start.
Look for their late night/early bird specials that start at 11:00 PM and end at 6:00 AM.
You can find breakfast meals and dinner entrees starting as slow at $3.99.
The LINQ Promenade is one of my favorite places to take out-of-town friends/family.
There's not a ton of shopping or dining to do here, but there is an IN-N-Out and a Sprinkles.
The LINQ Promenade is great for people watching and to park if you're planning to hit up the strip.
As for High Roller, I guess I can't knock it unless I try it.
But it's a grip and unless it's free, I don't see myself on it anytime soon.
Sorry for the long review.
ROTD!!!!
This is one of those belated reviews, like over 2 years belated.
I wanted to wait until I had the opportunity to come back before I finally put this review in.
When I first moved out here, I lived fairly close to the M and was told by everyone that that their buffet is a must.
I admit, I have attempted to eat at Studio B about 3 times before I finally got the opportunity back in 2011.
The first 3 times here, I was greeted with a line so long that it wasn't worth it for me.
Eventually I got in and have been eatin here at least 10 times since.
Plus, I learned a trick to get to the front of the line (my secret).
If I was rating Studio B Buffet 2 years ago, I'd give them 5 stars for presentation, price (I usually had discounts or it was free), selection, and set up.
Also keep in mind that I don't frequent buffets and never could rationalize the cost since I never get my money's worth.
You won't find too much here that you cannot find at the other strip casino buffets, but the food here is much much better.
I'm a huge fan of everything seafood here and their sushi is pretty good considering it's buffet style.
Remember, buffet style sushi equals not fresh.
Here, they tend to add a new batch every couple of minutes so you get the freshest buffet style sushi here.
I'm not saying that Studio B Buffet is the best tasting buffet that I have had in Las Vegas.
Taste wise, my favorite is still Mandalay's.
But Studio B is my overall favorite buffet here in Las Vegas.
I have made Studio B the standard.
PS:  Beer served here.
Not for me, but my buds sure took advantage.
I can't believe we spent 3+ hours here one time.
Free beers will do that.
I recommend Pete at Call 4 Handyman.
He's a handyman that's also the "Jack of All Trades".
He does it all.....interior/exterior painting, garage door repairs, flat screen mounting, kitchen work, and even is a locksmith.
I didn't get all these jobs done at my home so I can't quote any prices.
But I did give Pete of Call 4 Handyman a call when HOA pressured me to get my eaves painted.
The work itself was something that I could easily have done if I had the time, didn't mind the outside heat, and owned a ladder tall enough to get to my eaves.
I found Pete from Call 4 Handyman through Craigslist and now you can find him through Yelp.
I simply contacted Pete, he requested pictures of the eaves, he gave me an estimate (which was lower than I expected to pay), and he showed up promptly on the same day.
The work was done in about 30 minutes, which would have taken me at least 2 hours.
The work was fast, clean, and affordable.
Looking for a handyman to do most jobs, give Pete of Call 4 Handyman a call.
For my 100th review of 2017, I'm reviewing In-N-Out.
I think it's fitting since I have In-N-Out at least once a week.
I was told by the staff that this is the busiest In-N-Out in the nation.
The staff really didn't need to tell me this.
It's obvious when you come here.
The drive thru and lines inside are both always long.
There's people everywhere and I mean everywhere.
Getting a seat inside the restaurant is rare.
You will see a lot people eating outside, on the curb, in their cars, and even at the In-N-Out Company Store.
This location is actually not the last In-N-Out before you head to California, but it is the closest to the start of the Las Vegas Strip and airport.
This is the reason why it's so packed.
Plus, a lot of people love In-N-Out.
A lot of out-of-towners can't get enough of it.
The staff at this In-N-Out is very prepared for the madness.
They're all well-trained and manage to handle the volume of people with efficiency.
I recently ate here just because it's been a long time.
Last week was actually the first time I ate here as a Yelper.
I went with the usual, which is two Flying Dutchman's with Spread.
My meal was as good as it was the previous week.
I've had their Double Double, 3x3, Animal Fries, and a Grilled Cheese at this location back in the day.
That was a while back, though.
This In-N-Out used to be the fun one to go to.
I say "used to be" only because they no longer create the fun burgers.
The first 100 x 100 that I have seen was at this In-N-Out.
The first Monkey Style Burger that I have seen was also at this In-N-Out.
My understanding is that they will not make both these burgers anymore or they were never allowed to.
It doesn't matter if they don't make these burgers anymore.
In-N-Out has a fan for life.
I'll see you soon, In-N-Out.
2017 In-N-Out Review #8 / 2017 Yelp Review #100
I want TIABI.
I want To Inspire and Be Inspired, but first coffee.
TIABI has become one of my favorite spots to satisfy my caffeine cravings.
My drink of choice is their Espresso Frankenstein (4 shots of espresso & agave blended with ice).
I will usually Frankenstein my Frankenstein by adding some of my own MCT, protein powder, and some heavy whip cream (only if my fat intake is too low).
This drink is enough to give TIABI the stars that I say they deserve.
First of all, the beans they use is local and comes from Colorado River Coffee Roasters.
If you're not familiar with CRCR, then look them up.
CRCR can be found in other coffee shops around Vegas like Grouchy John's.
TIABI's Americano alone is good.
Having it in their Frankenstein Espresso is the best.
There really is no reason for me to try any of the other drinks since I'm sold on their espresso.
TIABI also serves waffles in a bunch of fun ways.
They got waffles with fruit, bacon waffles, red velvet waffles, Vegan waffles, a churro waffle, waffle sandwiches, and a waffle named Viva Las Elvis (banana & PEANUT BUTTER).
I've tried their Waffledilla (chicken & cheese wafflewich) and the Break-The-Fast (bacon, egg, & cheese wafflewich).
The proteins inside really hit the spot.
I'm more of a pancake guy, but still liked both wafflewiches.
Besides, waffles are just pancakes with Abs anyway.
As for service, I think it's the best.
I have never had a bad visit and it's always nice when you're greeted by name.
TIABI is very small and there's usually only one person working.
If you're getting a little more than just a drink, then you should also expect a little bit of a wait.
Waffles can't cook themselves, right?
Overall, I'm more than just a fan.
I love the coffee here and after just one sip, I'm ready to inspire.
TIP #1:  Hours 8:00 AM to 3:00 PM.
Closed on Monday.
I would be here a lot more if they were open earlier.
TIP #2:  Get the Espresso Frankenstein

2017 Yelp Review #69
I've always been a fan of Station Casinos.
The Sunset Station is is spacious, clean, and has a nice Sports Book.
I didn't drop a single dime here, but based on what I witnessed I recommend if you're in the area.
Parking is also abundant.
Reason I give this place 4 stars is because this is exactly the type of casino that my parents love to play at.
My parents swear that they win at Station Casinos or local type casinos.
When they're happy, then I'm happy.
When they visit, I will probably take them here.
Also located across the street from Yummy Sushi and in the same parking side as Thelma's.
Can't miss with those two restaurants nearby.
I Love Me Some Gritz!!
Quick Review: 
I've had Gritz Café bookmarked for over 2 years and finally checked them off my list.
I recommend that you head out here if you're craving a mean bowl of grits and an even meaner Chicken & Waffles.
Gritz Café does it right.
Gritz Café does it good.
The Food:
I had their Big Gritz Breakfast.
This meal consisted of their 5 pieces of fried chicken, waffles, 2 eggs, and a cup of grits.
Cost is about $15 and you get a lot.
The grits was thick and creamy, which is exactly how I prefer it.
As for the chicken & waffles, it was delicious.
The fried chicken wings is perfectly seasoned and breaded.
The Service:
5 Stars for their service.
Emma was awesome.
She made sure that we were comfortable and even moved us to another table with more room.
The Establishment:
The restaurant is small, and it's busy.
Tables are also first come, first serve.
My suggestion is to come early or call in your order.
There's also seating outside and It's called the sidewalk.
Tips:  
-The food comes out hot.
Take your time or you'll burn your mouth.
-Located off Lake Mead and MLK.
2016 Yelp Review #13
You get what you pay for.
That's my motto when it comes to Osaka.
One of the few places that serve 1/2 rolls which is a plus.
Price is another plus (one of the cheapest in town).
Quality is not the best, but not the worst.
My friends tell me that this place has the freshest sushi.
I think my issue is because I frequent this place only during the late nights.
I think the earliest I've been here was 11 PM.
I don't think it's the freshest, but again probably because I come so late.
Service is good and I can't complain about that.
With a ton of sushi restaurants in Vegas, this place gets only 3 stars from me.
Btw, don't get their calamari either.
Pretty much a fried mistake.
I tell you...I need to do a better job in 2014 taking care of some of my bookmarks.
I've had SkinnyFats bookmarked ever since I read Amanda M and Nelson Q's review back in July.
The gf even told me about this place and wanted to go.
She made it, I didn't.
But now I'm here.
So if you read the other reviews, then you get the gist of what SkinnyFats is all about.
They have a "Healthy" side and a "Happy" side.
Obviously, the "Happy" side is your higher calorie options while the "Healthy" side is for those trying to clean it up.
There's a selection here for everyone, which makes this place a must try at least once.
But a place like SkinnyFats may not be for everyone.
First of all, the Healthy side isn't super clean.
It's just clean for eating out.
As for their "Happy" side, it's higher calorie but not crazy high.
As a first-timer, I decided on getting something on the "Healthy" side.
What I get?
I got their Healthy Juan Wrap, which consisted of egg whites, chicken breast, black beans, turkey sausage/bacon, brown rice, cilantro yogurt, cheese and pico all wrapped in a whole wheat tortilla.
When I ordered this bad boy, I was told that the Juan had 3 egg whites and 6 oz.
of chicken.
My goodness, this has to be 50+ grams of protein.
Sweet..this takes care of two meals for me.
I loved my order.
I know it's a wrap, but to me this tasted like a healthier version of huge breakfast burrito.
I killed it and left SkinnyFats satisfied.
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=GolhEXzqrzu1AthjhU7RFQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Now for the ambiance.
SkinnyFats is one popular and tiny restaurant.
I say popular because the lines made it outside.
This place gets crazy and loud.
And because it gets so busy around noon, our orders took some time.
So take my advice, SkinnyFats is a place to try, but not around lunch time.
PS:  I'm sure that I will be back.
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gqksGYp585yrpB2re-gq0w&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
This review update is not for the actual restaurant, but for their Thanksgiving Dinner To-Go.
Thanksgiving was held at my house this year.
Instead of spending X amount of hours preparing, cooking, and stressing, I chose to order my turkey from Hash House.
The food here is good so picking the Hash House was a no brainer.
Hash House Thanksgiving Dinner (To-Go):  Cost $98.99.
-Deep Fried Turkey (8-10 lb):  My first deep fried turkey.
Initially thought it was small since I'm use to a 15+ pounder for Thanksgiving.
When it came down to it, it was enough to feed 9.
Turkey was good and surprisingly juicy.
Only issue, no leftovers.
-Garlic Mashed Potatoes (32 oz):  Real stuff, non of that powder Idaho Spuds that you get in the box.
-Pumpkin Mashed Potatoes (32 oz):  Tested by most of us, but we didn't enjoy it as much as the Garlic Mashed Potatoes.
My opinion, pumpkin dosen't mix well with traditional mashed potatoes.
-Cornmeal Stuffing (40 oz):  My favorite during Thanksgiving has always been the stuffing.
Throw some gravy on it and it's perfect.
Huge servings.
-Fresh Creamed Corn (16 oz):  So good and wish this was bigger.
Family killed it on the first round.
-Buttermilk Biscuits:  6 huge pcs and I mean huge.
Biscuits on Steroids!!
-Snickers or Pumpkin Pie (6 pcs):  I chose the Snickers, which was a mistake.
Don't get me wrong, it was sweet and delish.
But pumpkin pie shouldn't be replaced during Thanksgiving.
My bad and ended up going to Smiths to get one.
Other trimmings that I didn't include was their baby carrots, cranberry sauce, strawberry jam, and gravy.
Obviously, there's some prep and cook time needed on Thanksgiving day.
Along with the meal comes detailed instructions.
When I say detailed, I mean detailed to the time it takes and what you should cook in order.
If I can follow the instructions, anybody can.
Nothing beats a home cooked meal and I know this.
This year I wanted a stress free Thanksgiving.
You get a lot for $98.99, but most importantly you will be able to spend more time relaxing with family over cooking all night.
Overall, I give Hash House 4 stars for making me look like the Master Chef this Thanksgiving Day.
Finally!!
I've had the Charcoal Room on my list of eats since I moved out here a few years ago.
My neighbor, some co-workers, and even friends/family from California even recommended the Charcoal Room to me.
But when it came to other Yelpers, most haven't been here or reviewed them.
The Charcoal Room has a lot of pros and very little cons.
You don't get what you pay for here, you get more.
And if you're having steak, you get a lot more.
I got their petite filet and it was delicious.
Their petite is about 6 oz, juicy, and most importantly, very tasty.
Don't let the price fool you.
For less than $30, I had a steak that rivals some of the 5 star steak houses out here.
My filet was so tender that I think I used a butter knife to cut through it.
I had my steak with a side of their Caesar salad, lobster corn chowder, sautéed mushrooms, and asparagus.
All portions were huge and I ended up with leftovers.
My GF opted for their roasted chicken and baked sweet potato.
Her meal was hooked up too.
I swear she was served half a chicken and a football sized sweet potato.
She said her meal was good as well.
I have no complaints about the service.
We were seated right away, our orders were taken, and our food was served in a timely manner.
I left the Charcoal Room very satisfied and my only regret is not coming here sooner.
We got a lot of food and paid less than $100 for it.
Yes...I'm sure I will be back.
PS: No pictures of their steak and no pictures of their fabulous forks.
I was focused the night I ate here....focused on my beautiful date.
1OAK!
Showtime Carwash - North Las Vegas, NV

I admit it.
My car needed a bath and my go-to spot had over 10 cars ahead of me.
I didn't want to wait and headed home.
Then I noticed the sign off Centennial Parkway "$9.99 Hand Wash" at Showtime Carwash.
I got in line and realized that they were super busy too.
I counted at least 15 cars ahead of me.
I was ready to change my mind, but then one of the employees approached me.
This guy did a great job making feel welcome, told me the prices for each wash, explained each wash, and even opened my door for me.
Service alone kept me here and it also doesn't hurt that the prices are pretty good too.
Prices for a carwash range from $9.99 (exterior only) to their complete detail for $250.
I selected the Act 2 for $21.95, which is a complete interior/exterior cleaning, tire dressing, and dashboard cleaning.
My car was completed in about 30 minutes and they did a great job.
Showtime Carwash is also a full time gas station equipped with everything that you can find at other gas stations, including Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.
There's plenty of seating outside and a lobby inside.
The lobby has 5 multi-game slot machine, one Buffalo slot machine, two massaging chairs, and two pleather sofas.
I recommend Showtime Carwash.
TIP #1: $9.99 Early Bird Carwash (Mon-Fri 8:00 AM to 11:00 AM)

TIP #2: Bob's Market, in the same parking lot, sells Thrifty Ice Cream at competitive prices.
What time is it?
It's rhyme time!!!
Yes, it's that time for my monthly rhyme,
If you haven't eaten here, it's almost a crime.
Dining at Kitchen Table is a memorable one,
Good food with friends is always fun.
I'll start with the service since it's as good as it can be,
If you're into a great meal, then listen to me.
No reservations!
So, get here early,
We didn't wait long because we had Shirley.
Yes, she's the Duchess here and I can see why,
The food is amazing.
I'm not gonna lie.
We met some friends here for my birthday brunch,
The coffee was strong and packed a punch.
The pancakes are to die for.
Fluffy!
Tasty!
Simply the best,
Yes, they're that good.
Forget the rest!!
Their Chicken Fried is awesome and better than most.
It's served with 2 eggs, potatoes, and toast.
Now let's talk about portions, they definitely don't skimp,
I went Feast Mode because I'm not a wimp.
Here's a tip, based on what I've read,
Come here early and get their Monkey Bread.
5 Stars for their Chicken Fried, the service, and their stack,
Believe me when I say it.
I will be back.
2016 Yelp Review #18
Squeeze In - Las Vegas, NV (Eastern Ave)

I admit it, I love me some eggs.
I love the taste of eggs and it's cheap.
I also love eggs for their nutritional profile.
It's a good source of protein, fat, and Vitamin D. I am consuming upward of 10+ eggs on a daily basis.
That's on the real.
That being said, I know the difference between a good omelet and a great one.
Squeeze In has a great one known as the Hangover Helper and it just may be my favorite omelet in town.
The Hangover Helper consist of at least 4 large eggs, tons of cheese, thick slices of bacon, diced ham, and a few sausage links.
I'll treat this bad boy like a scramble and mix the whole thing before devouring it.
The entire omelet is tasty, hearty, huge, and I definitely recommend.
Squeeze In originated from Reno, Nevada.
They currently have two locations in Las Vegas.
Both locations can get busy during lunch.
Both locations also excels at great customer service.
I'm sure that I'll be back soon.
TIP:  Their omelets are served with bottomless toast and potatoes.
Yup!!
I don't normally review a Coffee Bean or even a Starbucks unless there's something really out of the ordinary worth sharing, really poor service, or to infinity and beyond type service.
Obviously, based on my review I got poor service.
Walked in around 7 PM and they close at 9 PM.
Immediately, no one at the counter and no one to greet us.
Okay, I will just head to the counter and stand there, and stand there, and stand there.
Nothing from anyone until I just spoke to air and asked "are we closed?".
Got a response from someone behind me and asked me what I wanted.
We requested for a large White Mocha and a large Green Tea.
A minute or two later, the green tea was made.
Waited a couple of minutes and no white mocha.
To my disappoint, had to get up from where I was seating and asked about it.
The Manager made the comment that she thought she heard me order it.
Better late than never, but now I'm just irritated.
They didn't comp the drink and I didn't expect it.
I wouldn't let them if they tried.
They did give me a 10% discount, which raised my 1 star to a 2.
For those that read my reviews, I rarely give 1 or 2 stars unless I was completely turned off.
Wasn't a good experience from the moment I walked in, stood waiting for service to them forgetting to make my coffee.
Right now 2 stars, but will probably be in the area again and willing to raise it if service is better.
Believe it or not, locals gamble on the strip too.
I don't gamble too often.
But if I do, I almost never gamble on the strip.
I recently was at the MGM and lost a big pot in poker.
I knew I wasn't playing good and decided to hit up New York New York to get some of my losses back.
Plus, I was hungry and thought that NYNY would have a lot of inexpensive food options.
I like the NYNY for their lower limit table games.
You can still find $5 Black Jack and 3 Card Poker for $5.
These limits are also available on the weekends.
This is good thing for tourist, gamblers on a budget, and people learning the table games.
I played a few hands, got lucky enough to win about 75% of my original losses, and left.
By the way, I never did get anything to eat and still left hungry.
The casino has made a lot of upgrades on the outside with cool additions like The Park and T-Mobile Arena.
However, the inside of the casino hasn't changed much since they opened.
I really can't comment on the hotel rooms since it's been over 10 years since I stayed here.
I can say that the hotel rooms are a lot more affordable than the rest of the hotels on the strip.
If you want the convenience of the strip without paying baller prices, then NYNY may be the place for you to stay at.
2017 Yelp Review #86
Here today for lunch.
Service was great and will be back if in the area and in the mood for AYCE sushi.
Taste is about average to what you can find out here.
Price too about the same as everyone also.
Where have I been?
Oyster Bar gets a ton of great reviews from Yelp, some of my personal friends, and even my own parents.
Just Google Las Vegas Pan Roast and you get sent here to the Oyster Bar.
There's so many Yelp reviews about this place that my review is going to sound like a broken record.
So, I'll keep this one simple with bulletin points.
-Service:  You read it and Yes, there's a wait.
This is not because service is lacking.
This is because the Oyster Bar only seats about 15 and the food is as good as it gets.
Service is actually good here.
What takes a long time too is what I call "Linger Eaters".
These are people that take their sweet ol' time to eat.
The gf and I aren't "Linger Eaters" at all.
However, if we are going to wait over an hour to eat, then we're going to take our time too.
-Pan Roast:  They're known for their Pan Roast.
My gf got this and allowed me sample it.
My goodness...everything that I read on these reviews were true.
Superb!!
-Seafood Jambalaya:  This is what I got.
I haven't had Jambalaya in years and was in that mood, especially since the outside temps were dropping.
Overall...packed with mussels, clams, crab, lobster, shrimp, and rice.
Your taste buds will be confused with what it's tasting, but won't be confused whether it's good or not.
My taste buds just voted...pretty damn good.
-Clam Chowder:  Just about average, but you don't come here for chowder.
-Hours:  All Day, Everyday

-Prices:  You get what you pay for.
Most dishes are about or over $20.
Okay, I didn't keep this review too simple.
But it's still bulletin pointed.
Oyster Bar is one of those places that you have to try at least once.
Yes, the wait is long.
And Yes, it's in a smokey casino.
But if you're into gumbo, jambalaya, and overall good food, then Oyster Bar is your place.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (497/500)
I've heard it multiple times from the Terri R and Alicia R.  Sumo is one of their favorite places for sushi.
And for them, it's all about the Lion Roll and Screaming Orgasm (Sashimi).
Both of the Twins also claim that they haven't found a place out here that can make the Lion Roll as good as Sumo.
I'll just take their word for now.
I've driven by this place a handful of times and with Blue Fin just around the corner, I never had the opportunity to eat here.
I got that opportunity recently when TR and AR invited me for a dinner with their co-workers.
No way I'm turning down food.
No way I'm turning down sushi.
No way I'm turning down food and sushi with my favorite twins.
This restaurant is located in the Henderson area off Sunset and Green Valley.
The restaurant itself is averaged sized, quiet, and the staff is amazing.
When I first walked in, the staff greeted me with a smile and started flexing their muscles.
Not sure what that meant at the time.
I assumed it meant that I better workout after eating here because eat is what I'm going to do.
I had their Garlic Tuna Sashimi and Yellowtail Nigiri.
The Yellowtail Nigiri is a little bigger than most and taste is about the same with most.
My nigiri was fresh and I didn't have a problem finishing it.
Now for the main event...their Garlic Tuna Sashimi.
First of all, no one warned me about the size of this dish.
I thought I was getting about 5 slices of tuna.
What I got had to be 15+ pieces of sashimi.
If I knew this, I wouldn't have ordered the nigiri.
This was so good, so fresh, and for tuna not fishy at all.
Texture was perfect, simply rolled down my throat and into my belly.
I tried to share, but everyone got their own dishes.
Next time I know better, this is a dish for two.
But don't worry, I still finished it on my own.
Am I a fan?
I can't speak for the rest of the menu.
All I can say...it's all about their Garlic Tuna Sashimi.
Garlic Tuna Sashimi:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=mcacEQbVaYaqExhwXZxG_w&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

You Need These:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jVQBoohYcI0JVFCU-4ubYA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Yellowtail Nigiri:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=apQNpR8bhs5VdTuEm_38MA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
What up, Downtown?
First of all, let's start with the location and restaurant.
Located in the downtown area and within walking distance from the Fremont Experience.
For someone that is not familiar with the area, it can easily be missed since it's literally below some apartments.
Just remember that it's at the corner of Carson & 7th.
The outside and inside brings me back home.
This establishment reminds me of the historic North Park area of San Diego where restaurants, cafes, and stores sit below apartments.
I met fellow Yelper Terri R for breakfast and we were both ready to chow down.
The menu is as simple as it gets.
No folding laminated menu, just a one page sheet.
Everything looked good, but I decided on the Smoked Salmon.
Yes, fish for breakfast.
Besides, I was going to have eggs for lunch.
The Smoked Salmon is served with tomatoes, cream cheese, and rye bread.
I have to admit, this is one of the best raw salmons that I've had in a while.
Seasoned just right, thinly cut, and not fishy at all.
I thought that the staff was as good as it gets.
They were attentive and kept our drinks filled.
The owner was also around making her rounds.
But what I noticed is that she was genuine and sincere with her guests.
One of my biggest pet peeves is when you're in a middle of a conversation and a waiter/waitress interrupts you.
Our waiter was great with his timing and was around when he was needed.
Kudos Eat!!!
I will definitely be back because there's still more that I need to try.
My only regret...I forgot to try their Beignets.
TIP:  Bring some Quarters for the parking meters outside.
First of all, I usually do not review a FF restuarant unless the service great, service was poor, or I had exceptional experience.
This was actually the very first Sonic I've been to.
It was over 10 years ago and been to others since.
Always ordered through drive thru or walk up.
Today was the first time using the drive in.
I actually thought that this was pretty cool.
Just kick back, check out the menu, then order.
I didn't a spot for cash so I ended up using my debit.
In the years, I've tried almost everything on the menu and nothing really sets them apart.
But today, I had the Flatmelt Steak and Bacon.
This was surprising good.
Juicy pieces of steak mixed with bacon in a flatbread.
You can't go wrong.
Sonic didn't at least.
Had the tater tots.
Always have to get the tater tots when I come here.
If you chose the drive in to eat or order, your food is served to you via a roller blading waitress.
Open 24hours, but at night they place can get a bit dicey.
If I'm in the area, hungry, and looking for a quick bit....Sonic on Rancho is the place.
10 Reasons Why I'm a Fan of In-N-Out

1.
Their burgers are always fresh with no preservatives

2.
The menu is basic....Hamburger, Cheeseburger, Double Double, and Fries

3.
A Double Double, Spread Only, and Extra Toast.
Nuff Said!
4.
Price is as good as it gets.
A Double Double (2 cheese / 2 patties) is less than $4.00.
The Double Double meal is less than $7.00.
A full meal is about the price of one Cold Brew.
5.
The Service.
They're so efficient.
Food is ordered and served with the quickness

6.
Their Secret Menu.
My favorite "off the menu" item is their Flying Dutchman (2 patties / 2 slices of cheese / No Bun), a 3 x 3 (3 patties / 3 slices of cheese), and Well Done Fries

7.
Low Carb or Keto Friendly.
Cutting your carbs and increasing your fat intake?
For less than $5, Two Flying Dutchman's will do the trick.
They're even Vegan friendly.
They'll say "hi" to them.
8.
Pet Friendly.
Fido will thank you for the Pup Patty.
9.
The beef comes from the happy cows of California.
In order to guarantee freshness, In-N-Out is only on the West Coast.
No freezers here.
10.
That's What a Hamburger's All About

2017 In-N-Out Review #6 / 2017 Yelp Review #55
Yay!!
I'm a fan

It's a tough thing to review a Hotel/Casino.
When I review them, I have to remember not to review them based on my wins/losses.
I also have to keep in mind that most of these hotels and casinos have a different vibe during the weekdays vs. the weekends.
Regarding the hotel.
I've actually stayed in their rooms at least 20 times in the last 10 years.
Room are clean, spacious, and actually cheap.
Only issue with the rooms is check in and check out.
These lines can get long.
Bars:  These get really full and on the weekends, tough to get a seat.
If you're a single, it's easy.
If you're in a group, good luck.
However, service is always great.
Bartenders are always attentive.
I've never had a bad experience with them.
Sports Book:  During game time, gets busy.
I actually still prefers Red Rock's Sports Book and even South Point's.
Still a good sports book with good deli right next to it.
Gaming (Tables and Slots):  I don't play slots so I wouldn't know, but my parents say they're tight.
I like playing Pai Gow and 3 Card Poker here mainly because their limits are usually low.
Pool:  Small, but one of my favorite pools in Vegas.
Poker Room:  During the WSOP, some good games out here.
You just need to know who is playing seriously and the ones that are here to just have a good time.
Ambiance:  Definitely feel at home here because a lot of my peeps are here.
From patrons to employees, seems like everyone is a Niner Faithful.
For sure the Niner Empire is in full effect at the Rio.
Not a strip casino, but close enough.
You get the best of both worlds in my opinion.
After all these years, still one of my favorite hotel/casinos in Las Vegas.
Doesn't hurt that they also offer local discounts at their restaurants.
Did you know that Dillens Family Ice Cream made BuzzFeed's list for "Most Popular Ice Cream Parlor" in the country?
This was news to us too.
If you're a fan of Thrifty Ice Cream, then you'll be a fan of Dillens Family Ice Cream.
Dillens has in stock most of the popular Thrifty flavors including Cotton Candy, Circus Animal Crackers, Rocky Road, Praline Pecan, Chocolate Malted Crunch, and Bubble Gum.
Prices range from a kid's scoop at $1.49 to triple at $4.69.
The best bang for your buck is the 4 mini scoop ice cream flight for $3.79.
Most people will get 4 different flavors, while I will stick to just two different flavors.
This ice cream parlor is small, but their menu isn't.
Besides just plain ice cream, you can build your own banana splits, sundaes, milkshakes, and malts.
Check their monthly calendar for their daily specials.
Their specials look fun.
Some examples include Mommy & Me Days, Father & Daughter Date Days, Bring Your Own Banana Days, Barbie Days, Family Friday, Girls Scout Days, etc.
The list goes on and seems to change every month.
Last but not least, don't forget about their happy hour special Buy 2, Get 1 Free from 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM.
There's just so many options at Dillens.
With summer just a few months away, I'm sure we'll be here a lot.
TIP: They have Reese's peanut butter cups here.
I use to pick up a close friend's kid and we use to come here for a couple of reasons.
1)  She could work on her reading and get some homework done.
2)  Since she's keeping herself busy and we're in the kid's area, I didn't have to do much monitoring.
3)  I could get some work done at the same time.
I almost forgot about this library since I usually go to Centennial's or the one off Sahara.
I'm a fan of any library where it's quiet enough to get some work done.
If you read any of my previous library reviews, I frequent libraries just to get out of the office.
I have a few offices here and one at home, but there are times when I get the most done in a library.
I think it's more due to less distractions at a library.
One thing about this library is that it feels and looks older than the others in town.
Parking is ample and there's plenty of tables inside to get some work done.
The staff doesn't say much or even bothers you.
But I must admit, there was a couple of times that I have been warned for phone use.
Summerlin Library may not be my favorite in Las Vegas, but I may still pay a visit if I'm in the area.
This library worked perfect today when I had a couple of hours to kill.
PS:  I should gain IQ points just for going to the library.
By the way, what ever happened to the good ol' trusty card catalogs?
Barely even open and they already have these 5 star reviews.
Good for them.
Good for Downtown Las Vegas.
But let's see what's really going on.
Short Review:
O Face Donuts is new and located off 6th near Carson.
They got donuts, the place is tiny, and the service, I thought, was pretty good.
You'll find what I call "Candy" Donuts, traditional donuts, and Vegan Donuts.
But overall, I wasn't a fan and left wondering if I just came during the wrong time.
I tried the Apple Bacon Fritter, their glaze, their chocolate, their sprinkles donut, and the Root Beer Float.
All looked good, but that's about it.
Longer Review:
First of all, I think the location is great but a little tough to find.
If it wasn't for some dude walking out with a donut in his mouth, I think I would have been walking circles around this joint.
The place is tiny and I can't imagine what it's like if they had a line.
There's really no place to enjoy your donut and if you find a seat, expect to feel a little cramped.
Most donut shops are small, but at least some have outside seating.
Just saying.
As for their donuts...
-Their Root Beer Float:  I read fellow Yelper Corene's review and she described what I expected to taste.
But I didn't share Corene's experience.
Their Root Beer Float donut had a lot going on....glazed with caramel, stuffed inside with a vanilla root beer filling, and topped with chocolate pop rocks.
Sounds delicious, but there was so much going that my taste buds were a little confused.
I enjoyed the root beer filling and the chocolate pop rocks.
It's the actual donut that I wasn't too impressed with.
I think the donut itself was a little to bready.
It's hard for me to describe, but think of those Hostess donuts that you can get at a 7-Eleven.
Yup..that was my experience.
-Glazed:  I didn't buy this one.
Tasted one of their samples and wasn't overly impressed.
Again, I thought that this donut was a little to bready.
-Apple Bacon Fritter:  The gf got this one and was willing to share.
Looked good, but felt like it was kept a little too long in the fryer.
This was greasy and some parts of it was burnt to a bacon type crisp.
-Chocolate Donut:  The chocolate icing was a little too much, too rich, and too thick.
Again, wasn't impressed with the actual donut.
-Donut with Sprinkles:  This wasn't too bad.
The icing and sprinkles was the highlight.
The Staff:
Excellent, 5 Stars, "as good as it gets", and customer oriented.
It's just a shame that their donuts aren't excellent, "as good as it gets", and belly oriented.
My first impression...I'm not a fan.
But that doesn't mean I'm not coming back.
I know they're new and I am willing to give them another try.
Hopefully, my next experience is better.
If so, I will up my rating.
But at this point, I just don't see myself going out of my way to come here, especially when there's a lot of other donut shops in town that leave me wanting more.
PS:  Just because I'm not a fan, doesn't mean others won't be.
The first 3 reviews are all 5 stars.
That means someone liked them.
I hope that what it means.
I've been looking for a good taco shop since the day I moved out here and I finally found it here at Taco y Taco.
It's only my third visit here and I can already say that Taco y Taco is "as good as it gets" when it comes to their tacos.
At Taco y Taco, you place your order at different stations.
Tacos, burritos, bowls, corn on the cob, quesadillas...yes, they got them all that here.
I've had their nachos and quesadillas in the past and thought that they were pretty good.
But it's all about their tacos and I have them as plain as can be.
Chicken taco with nothing on it.
Asada taco with nada on it.
They're so good that I don't need anything on them to satisfy me.
These tacos are fresh, tasty, and very, very good.
And on top of that, they hook it up and their restaurant is clean.
If you haven't been here, then you're missing out.
I'm a fan of illy coffee.
Their Americano ranks up there as one of my favorites.
Their Americano is strong, smooth, and doesn't have that bitter taste.
Bottom line...illy coffee is really good.
What I'm not a fan of is the high ticket price you're going to have to pay at Espressamente illy.
A large Americano and a regular sized café latte w/soy milk cost us about $15 after tax.
I can get illy a lot cheaper anywhere else.
But I get it.
The prices are jacked up because it's on the strip.
Vegas Baby!!!
TIP:  I got my Ballers Yelp Badge checking into this place.
2017 Yelp Review #67
You're disappointing me Aliante!!!
This is an update to my previous review.
My first review of Aliante is 4 stars and at times, even 5 stars.
However, my recent visits here have not been good.
Here are the recent issues
-No longer a Station Casino.
This means none of my Great Giveaway Bets qualify here.
As a result, I make my way to Red Rock weekly.
-Rewards Center:  Poor service right now.
Since this is now it's own casino, I have to update my Rewards Card.
The table games no longer issues cards so I'm only able to get a new card at the Reward Center.
They only have one and their lines were super long.
I know it was a weekend, but when you see that many people in line, 2 employees will not cut it.
Was in line for about 30 minutes, then finally gave up.
I didn't even make it halfway.
Also, I don't plan on playing here much anymore so no reason to get a Rewards Card.
-Poker Room Closed:  Yes, even on the weekend.
C'mon man!!
-Sports Book Bar:  I live close to here and use to sit at the bar to check out the games, play a little video poker, and have a drink.
Only issue...tough to get a drink when no one serves you.
There could be bartenders in the bar, but never check on you.
And if you ask them for a drink, they state that someone else has to do it.
How hard is it to open a bottle of Budlight and hand it over?
Seriously??!!
I'm think that Aliante is in a transaction between owners, which is also causing the lack or consistent customer experience.
I will try again since I live so close.
I might have caught the Rewards Center, Bar, Poker Room, and Johnny Rockets all on a bad night.
Pop Quiz

Why did the gurlpren and I decide to eat at Carlito's Burritos?
A)  We were starving and looking for something close
B)  Because Alicia R (aka Yes) said this place was good and we had to try them
C)  We haven't had Mexican food in a while
D)  Most of our Yelp friends gave them solid reviews
E)  All of the above.
If you answered E, you're the 2nd smartest Yelper I know.
Carlito's is located on the southeast side of town and I have to admit, I'm a snob when it comes to Mexican food out here in the valley.
Coming from San Diego, I never thought anyone out here would come close.
Carlito's has changed my mind really quick.
But let me get one thing out of the way first.
When you drive up to this place, you see their sign that reads "Carlito's Burritos, New Mexican Restaurant".
That doesn't mean that this is a new establishment that serves Mexican food.
It means that this is a restaurant that serves Mexican food from New Mexico.
Hah...I was one of those fools that misread their sign.
Read the reviews, it's all about their burritos and tacos.
But for me, it's all about their sopapillas, which is fry bread stuffed with chicken, shrimp, pork, or steak.
Being the meat lover I am, I chose steak.
First impression...Man, this is a lot of food.
I estimate around 8 oz of well prepared, well seasoned meat, stuffed into the fluffiest fry bread that I ever had.
Top it off, it was literally topped off when red sauce.
My meal was huge, but so good that my belly wouldn't allow me to quit until it was all gone.
Long story semi-long, try their sopapillas.
You won't be disappointed.
Price is about average for most of their items.
But the tacos and enchiladas are a steal of a price.
Big plus for service here.
You get it with a smile, some convo, and of course, good food.
PS: I also tried their chicken tamale and thought it was just okay.
But that's just me.
One of my favorite Adidas.
This one is located in Premium Outlets-South.
Never disappointed with a visit here.
Larger store than their previous one.
This store also has a wider selection in both men's & women's shoes, clothing, and head wear.
What sets this Adidas from most is their deals.
Almost every time I've been to this location there's some deal going on.
Buy 1 Get 1 Half Off, Buy 2 Get 1 Free, and even 20% everyone once in awhile.
Always good to make a call before you head down to see what deals they got going.
Never a miss for me when I'm prepared to shop.
Staff at this location is extremely helpful.
Always greeted and offered assistance.
In the last year, I'd say I bought at least 3 pairs of shoes here.
Each and every time, someone was willing to assist.
Of course, I'll be back.
All I seem to eat daily is chicken, chicken, and more chicken.
Maybe I'm over-exaggerating, but at least 3 of my meals each day involve chicken.
That being said, I should know what a good tasting chicken taste like.
I should know what a cooked chicken taste like.
When Nevada Chicken Cafe opened, I immediately bookmarked it because of their selection and prices.
I was here about a week after they opened and was treated with great service, a clean restaurant, and again, good prices.
For about $10, I got their half roasted chicken with a side of their sweet potatoes.
First of all, their sweet potatoes are phenomenal.
I would come back just for this.
Then there was the chicken.
Again, I got the half chicken which consists of a breast, wing, leg, and a thigh.
The leg and thigh was good and full of flavor.
I was almost an instant huge fan of the Nevada Chicken Cafe and let me stress...ALMOST.
It was all downhill once I got to their breast and wing.
Both looked cooked on the outside, but raw on the inside.
I understand, maybe it's an adjustment period for them.
But since they specialize in chicken, they should at least get the cooking right.
I ate the pieces that were edible (i.e.
not red or bloody).
I didn't complain or bring my dish back.
I figure that they'll improve and I hope they do.
Their chicken dropped my rating.
Overall, I am just giving them 3 stars for the service, their menu selection, the prices, and their sweet potatoes.
PS:  The ribs looked good.
They at least looked cooked.
Always a fan of Steiner's.
Had my first visit at this location just recently, but have been to the other location off Las Vegas Blvd at least 15+ times.
The LV Blvd location actually recommended that I try this one.
So, here I am.
As soon as I walk in I immediately noticed one thing.
This place is built and layed out exactly like the LV Blvd location.
Felt like I was in the Twilight Zone for a minute.
Service here is just as good as the south location, which means great service.
I ate at the bar where service is always good since you have a bartender there.
Food was just as good and you can't go wrong with their Kobe anything.
Like the other Steiner's, it's a little dark inside.
Like other pubs, the air inside can be a little smokey.
These are the things I notice now that I no longer smoke.
But I can't complain since it's a pub in Vegas.
One difference between Steiner's and other pubs has to be their food selection.
There's enough of a variety for everyone.
Go to DTLV or Fremont, check your Yelp friend's check in's and it's almost guaranteed that on a Thursday, Friday, and/or Saturday that at least 2 of them are at the Commonwealth.
This equals good spot for drinks and and to chill.
The Commonwealth in DTLV is a now a common meet up spot for most locals.
This bar/lounge offers a different type of setting then your usual out here like the Griffin, Downtown Cocktail, Insert Coins, and the  Vanguard.
I actually like the ambiance at the Commonwealth and if you get a little stuffy, you can also migrate upstairs to their outdoor patio.
Big plus, tons of beautiful people out here.
Drinks are average to your strip prices, California bar scene, and strip clubs.
For someone coming out to Vegas to party, they would never know the difference.
For someone like me who doesn't hit the bar scene too much anymore and prefer comp drinks in a casino, this is my biggest issue.
$20 for two drinks.
Other lounges in downtown are definitely cheaper.
I'm a fan, but still prefer Downtown Cocktails or even Bar & Billiards.
I'm sure to take a few out of town friends here in the future for the ambiance alone.
Besides, they wouldn't know the difference in price anyways.
It's "Vegas Baby" to them.
200th Review of 2013!!!
Might as well make it the city I live in.
There are so many quotes, sayings, and cliches about Las Vegas.
You have "Sin City", "Lost Wages", "the Silver State", and my favorite "What Happens In Vegas, Stays In Vegas" to name a few.
But for me, it's now "Home Sweet Home".
Been visiting the city of Las Vegas at least 5 times a year since 1998.
It wasn't until 2011 that I can now consider Vegas my home.
Prior to moving here, my purpose out here was to visit friends and lose a ton of money.
I also can't forget visiting the zoo every once in awhile where you'd spot the occasional crazy horse, cheetah, and even a spearmint rhino.
Now my purpose is work, friends, family, and to make money.
And because of the lower cost of living compared to my hometown San Diego, that money sure lasts a lot longer out here.
Las Vegas is known for gambling and entertainment.
Been coming out here for years to party.
Now I'm partying only when friends and family come from out of town.
I love this city and learned that there's a lot more to offer than just casinos, hotels, shopping, and entertainment.
In the short time I lived here, I discovered that Las Vegas is one of the most convenient cities around.
Distance from South to North is only about 20 miles.
Within these 20 miles, you have everything that the heart desires.
One of the biggest perks for living in this city is the local discounts, cheap strong pours, no income tax, minimal traffic, great hikes, and a ton of restaurants.
Don't get me wrong, still love and miss San Diego.
But in the meantime, Las Vegas is my "Home Sweet Home".
Useful Sites Las Vegas Sites:
-Yelp:  niner13.yelp.com
-i4Vegas:  http://www.i4vegas.com/
-Vegas.com:  http://www.i4vegas.com/
Oops..I did it a Gen!
All you can eat meat, 
What can I say?
Priced just right, 
takes my breath away.
I first tried Gen in October this year,
It's all you can eat, 
so it's quality I fear.
No fear no more,
The food is just good.
I came back multiple times,
like I knew I would.
As for the meats,
So, here's my take.
The Signature's my favorite,
it's their premium steak

The beef bulgogi is dry,
the Chadol's too thin.
The KFC is a winner,
but the Signature still wins.
I'm a fan of meat,
The service is great.
Are they the best KBBQ?
Now that's the debate.
3 stars they earned,
Qualities' okay.
I would give more stars,
But wasn't blown away.
So, who's my favorite?
Does it really matter?
Just keep the food coming,
with meat on my platter.
I've been here for dinner,
and even for lunch.
I will come back,
for that protein punch.
So who am I?
A Yelper with rhymes on the loose,
Call me Mel C,
Not Yelp's Doctor Seuss.
Peace!!
This gym is old school.
I wish this gym was located a lot closer to my home.
This 24 Hour Fitness has everything that I need for a perfect workout.
The gym is equipped with 4 flat benches, 2 incline benches, 2 shoulder press benches, 2 power racks, 3 smith machines, old school Hammer equipment, a couple of leg press machines, hack squat machines, and enough Nautilus machines that would make Arthur Jones proud.
The weights is a mix of steel plates and coated steel plates.
Both will get the job done.
It's the all steel plates that I love.
I'm not a huge fan of the octagonal plates, though.
This gym has a lot of treadmills, cycles, ellipticals, stair-monsters, steppers, recumbent bikes, and cross ramp machines.
This gym is also stacked with a lot of the older functional equipment that you can't find at the newer and bigger gyms.
The older equipment was originally designed for bodybuilders back in the day and puts your body in the right position.
This also helps place the tension where it should be and that's the muscle you're focusing on.
This gym is quiet, which is a huge plus.
Even at 5:00 PM, I'm able to do supersets or giant sets.
If I have one issue, it's the area where the dumbbell and benches are located.
This area is very congested and the benches are too close to each other.
I feel like I'm going to hit someone when I'm doing side laterals or dumbbell flys.
Best way for me to remedy this issue is to just stick to barbell work.
I'm sure that I will be back.
I hope it's sooner than later.
2017 Gym Review #7
I had this review on draft for quite some time,
Since I'm late on this review, I'll make it a rhyme.
We met some friends on a busy Saturday night,
I got the Quad, some fries, but something wasn't right.
SS is located right next to New York New York.
Of course I took pictures of my meal and fork.
The Quad was good, the fries were fresh,
So, why isn't Shake Shack the best?
I'll start with the good because I don't want to be mean,
The service was great, the restaurant was clean.
Refills on your drinks and not on the fries,
They hooked it up anyway, which was a pleasant surprise.
I had a great time with friends and had some fun,
After only one visit at Shake Shack, I think I'm done.
Now for the bad and don't you get mad,
I got the bill and felt I was just had.
Curious about the hype and wanted to be hip,
I was so disappointed because our meal was a grip.
A regular burger is small and I hate to pout,
You definitely get a lot more at IN-N-Out

I can't believe I spent forty dollars on fast food for two,
You all have been warned if you read this review

Peace!!!
Been here about 10 times.
I usually go to Samurai Sam's or Teriyaki Madness, but if I'm this area I go here.
My normal order: Large chicken bowl, extra meat, brown rice, and no veggies.
Sometimes I mix it up and get the Cutler Bowl.
By the way, use to go to Bonzai Bobs all the time before they switched Teriyaki Bowl?
Don't be surprised if Cutler himself walks in here.
I thought I ate a lot.
Smart how both Teriyaki Boys I go to are next to a LV Nutrition and LVAC.
I recommend this place, but wish they were open earlier.
I have always been a fan of Lyft and previously used their services in San Diego, San Francisco, the OC, LA, Sacramento, and in Brooklyn NY.
And No, I have never used Uber.
Every once in a while, I am using Lyft in Vegas to/from the airport, to the gym, or when my car is being serviced.
I recommend Lyft over a taxi any day.
I do have one issue, which is minor.
There's an additional charge for transportation to and from the airport.
This is not Lyft's fault and Uber has to pay the same charge.
It's an agreement with the taxi business so that they don't lose business.
Cost for Lyft from the airport to the strip is about the same as a taxi.
It makes sense.
I just don't agree with it.
TIP:  You can now schedule your pick up's in advance via the app.
One thing about Henderson, you'll find a lot of parks in the neighborhoods.
This is a good thing since this also means a nice quiet park.
Another thing about the community parks in Henderson, they're all well manicured and clean.
Paseo Verde is no different.
I've spent a lot of time at both Paseo Verde and Discovery Park a couple of months ago.
I had a pre-Lent friend that I use to see all the time and it was either the District or parks to hang out at.
This was one of those parks we'd hang out at.
Couple of things you'll find at this park
-Plenty of parking.
If the lot gets full, parking can be done on the side of the street
-Park is spacious, meaning a lot of green
-Huge kids playground.
-Sand Volleyball
-Softball Field
-Basketball Courts
-A ton of covered picnic benches

Overall, I like this park and it's a great start to Paseo Verde's trail.
Parks like this are hard to find in California.
To be honest, parks in general are hard to find in California.
Out here, they're plentiful and all are nice to visit from time to time.
M&M is my favorite spot for soul food in Las Vegas.
I knew after my first visit that I will be back again and again and again.
The service is great and if there's a wait, it usually doesn't take too long for us to be seated.
My favorite dish at M&M is their smothered baked chicken.
This dish is hooked up with big pieces of perfectly baked chicken smothered with gravy.
I'll usually get a full order and it comes with 3 sides.
My sides is pretty much the same every time...cornbread dressing, the yams, and red bean & rice.
My entire meal is big enough to feed two people.
But it's so good that I will finish the entire meal on my own.
Most of the Yelpers I know rave about their chicken & waffles.
The chicken is fried to perfection and seasoned just right.
I highly recommend their chicken & waffles if it's your first time.
In my opinion, M&M is the best place for soul food in Las Vegas.
2017 Yelp Review #64
Eggslut!!
The original's from LA, 
That's where they got their fame.
Their specialty is obvious,
It's in their name.
They're in the Cosmo,
Right off the strip.
Their meals are so good,
And worth the trip.
The lines are long,
But goes pretty quick.
Is it the Slut or sandwiches?
Just take your pick.
The Slut is coddled egg,
On a potato puree.
Not my favorite, had a taste,
And gave it away.
I like the Fairfax,
It's scrambled with cheese.
The burger is awesome,
Make it a double, please.
The bacon and cheese is simple,
And taste pretty good.
Egg lovers unite!
Come here, you should.
They're closed at night,
And that's my tip.
They also have delicious cookie,
Made with chocolate chip.
I'll be back for more, 
It's a matter of time.
I'm a fan of Eggslut, 
Now that's the bottom line.
The Barrymore...

What can I possible say about The Barrymore that hasn't been stated in a review already?
Yes, it's off the strip and attached to the Royal Resort
Yes, it's small and intimate.
Yes, they have good steaks and lobster mac.
And Yes, The Barrymore is a great place to take a date or celebrate a special evening.
My girlfriend and I chose The Barrymore to celebrate our one year together.
We wanted to go somewhere that was good, intimate enough for some quality time, and a place that we haven't been to.
The Barrymore fit just right.
We had reservations, which really wasn't needed since we were the only ones here when we started our dinner.
Our server was fantastic.
Our server made it a point to give full descriptions of everything on their menu, especially their steaks.
He even brought out a raw steak just to show us the size of it before it was cooked.
I had my eye on their Filet Mignon since I learned about the Barrymore, but ended up with their bone-in-filet.
My dish was pretty good.
I'm not saying it was the best steak I've had, but it definitely wasn't the worse.
It was still tasty, tender, and my portion was huge.
I only regret that I didn't stick with the filet mignon, which in my opinion, tends to have more flavor.
Regardless, I was still satisfied with my meal.
My girlfriend was satisfied with her meal as well, but thought that their lobster mac was missing something.
We just couldn't figure out what.
Overall, I would suggest The Barrymore to anyone looking for an intimate dinner, a good steak, and great service.
PS:  Can't forget about their bread basket.
One word....delicious!!
Hanging out at The District and looking for eats that promises to be fresh, consistent, and affordable?
Then you can't go wrong with Rachel's Kitchen.
I've been to the Summerlin location and always received quality eats with great service.
This location is little different than the other spots since it's located in a shopping mall.
There's a wide variety of food from smoothies, oatmeals, sandwiches, and wraps.
My usual order is their Smoked Avocado Turkey Sandwich and their PB Blast.
On this visit, I got their Turkey Burger, Sweet Potato Fries, and their Peanut Butter Blast w/extra protein.
The turkey burger wasn't as big as other joints, but was definitely tastier.
One thing about some turkey burgers is that they can get a little dry.
Rachel's is just perfect and almost taste like a real burger minus the high calories.
My friend loves their Chicken Curry Sandwich and decided to change it to a wrap on this visit.
She killed it so I assume that was was good too.
One thing about this location is that it's a little busier than the Summerlin location.
This location has a different vibe, but still has the great service.
I love the Summerlin location and may be a little biased since that's the location that I frequent.
Overall, I'm still a fan of Rachel's and will continue to pay a visit when I'm in The District.
I've had Three Square Food Bank bookmarked for quite some time.
I even remember reaching out to fellow Yelper, Cresta I, who use to have weekly check in's here.
She gave me the scoop, told me how to sign up, and then it was up to me.
Fast forward a couple of months later and I still haven't volunteered here.
It wasn't until Terri R organized a sort-a-thon for us Yelpers, that I finally got the chance to give back.
Terri is the best and sets this up monthly.
Three Squares Food Bank is clean and very organized.
To volunteer, you don't have to procrastinate like me and wait for a Yelp round up.
You can complete an application in person or sign up through their website.
Yes, it's that easy.
Once you're signed up and commited, Three Square will assign different jobs depending on what's needed.
Our job was to sort pallets of food, drinks, snacks, baby items, clothing, and miscellanous items.
Once sorted, the pallets are then brought into their warehouse pending distribution.
If you're willing to donate about 3 hours of your time to give back, I recommend giving Three Square Food Bank a shot.
5 Star Average!!!
Really???
Yeah, Really.
Eco-Tint is legit.
I got the phone call from the dealer that my new company ride was ready for pick up.
Even before I picked up my new car, I began searching for the right peeps that will tint my windows.
Not to sound like a broken record, but I found this place through Yelp.
Based on all the 5 star reviews, how could I not give Eco-Tint a shot?
By the way, the Yelp "$20 off and no tax" Check In doesn't hurt either.
I own a black car and not all shades of tint are created equal.
Too dark of a tint takes the focus out of the car and too much on the windows.
Too light emphasis your wheels and if you don't have a pair of nice looking dubs, then you're out of luck.
I was looking for something dark, but not too dark.
I also wanted a shade that transitions really good from back to front.
Eco-Tint knew exactly what I was looking for.
They suggested 35% for the driver/passenger side and 15% for the back.
A tint job usually takes about 3 hours.
Mine took about 2 hours.
That's what I call "service with the quickness".
The job was clean and with no bubbles.
After the work was done, Eco-Tint explained what to expect for the next few days, detailed the lifetime warranty, and welcomed me back for next time.
And when I get a new car, there will definitely be a next time.
That's fo shizzle.
PS: The waiting area is small, but equipped with DIRECTV, free refreshments, and comfortable seating.
If they have the NFL Package, I may show up to watch my team.
Another plus...a ton of spare outlets to charge your phones and other electrical devices.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (407/500)
I've been waiting for SkinnyFATS to finally open here.
They officially opened yesterday.
Most importantly, I no longer have to drive 30+ minutes to get my SF fix.
Just in case you haven't been to SF, I'll educate you a little.
This is the 3rd location in the Las Vegas.
The menu is separated by a Healthy side (the skinny) and a Happy side (not so healthy).
Thus the name, SkinnyFATS.
I've been a fan of SkinnyFATS since day one.
And over the years, I found what I really like here.
I usually order their Wrap Supastar (Chicken & Egg White Wrap).
It's my favorite simply because there's so much protein in it.
It taste good too.
On this visit, I decided to get something off the happy side of the menu.
I got their Meltdown, which is basically a double meat patty melt.
My patty melt was very good and it came with a side of soup.
The overall menu consist of Shareables (the apps), Between the Buns (Sandwiches & Burgers), Tacos, Things in Bowls (exactly how it sounds), and Breakfast (I shouldn't have to explain what that is).
Besides the drinks, the prices are very good and the portions are big.
The line was little slow, but it wasn't due to the staff.
The staff was efficient.
There is a lot on their menu and the customers in front of us were just a little undecided.
Just a note...currently, this location has items that cannot be found at the other locations.
Just another note...off the menu items can be found on their TV screens by the register.
Just a final note...I love SkinnyFats' initials SF.
2017 Yelp Review #28
Perfect hotel if you're visiting and looking for a place that's clean, off the strip, and still has a casino attached.
Perfect hotel if you're local and looking for a mini staycation.
Well, that was JW Marriot for me last weekend.
Rest and relaxation was our goal when we stayed here.
JW Marriot not only has your normal amenities, but it's also a great venue to for weddings, meetings, and conferences.
I haven't gotten to really explore this hotel as much as I wished, but have been here enough times to know it's quiet and luxurious enough for me to come back.
As for their rooms, they're simply gorgeous.
Nothing really fancy about the rooms, just clean, spacious, and I love the showers here.
The beds are as comfy as they get too, which made it perfect for us to reach our goal for the weekend, which was rest and relaxation.
PS:  This hotel also has some good sushi, a nice pub, and a cafe.
But room service can also be an option if you don't plan on leaving your room.
After awhile all these casinos begin to look like each other, especially off Fremont.
For a moment, I thought that the D Las Vegas was Golden Gate with the dancers outside.
I don't gamble much, but friends and family from out of town tend to gravitate to this place.
So, I assume that the gaming is good.
As for me, this is just another casino with a bar outside, lovely dancers, and your occasional winnings.
Still a small casino that looks to have been updated in the last year.
However, they forgot to update the carpeting.
Drink prices are always good, even better when they're free (comped).
Miller's Ale House - Henderson (2017 Yelp Review #235)

My bosses from out of town like Miller's Ale House for lunch because it's rarely busy on the weekday, there's enough on the menu to satisfy anyone, and the food is okay.
The service has been great both times I've been here and the prices are decent.
The menu is comparable to what you'll find at an Applebee's, Chili's, and BJ's.
The difference is that the food here cost less and you get a lot more.
Miller's Ale House even has a daily lunch special.
I've been to this location a few times and have tried their Chicken Caesar Salad and Salmon.
Both did its job and pretty much satisfied my hunger.
The salmon is portion is average, but they're willing to hook it up if you ask nicely.
Overall, I really had no complaints and the service was great.
Keep in mind that I wasn't here on a Saturday when it gets really busy.
Of course, I'm giving Vegas Discount 5 Stars.
That's because they deserve.
Vegas Discount is my #1 destination for supplements.
Hands down, VD has the best selection and prices in town.
My Top 10 Supplementation Rules

Rule #1:  Supplements is just that, a supplement.
Supplements should never replace a poor diet or a weak workout.
There is no magical "over the counter" pill out there.
Rule #2:  Keep it simple.
You can get a lot of what you need from food.
My staple supps include a quality protein powder, a good multi-vitamin (Flintstones just doesn't cut it anymore), Vitamin D, and Vitamin C.  I don't go a day without these supplements.
Rule #3:  Know your body.
Know what you need and what you're deficient in.
Know what works for YOU.
What works for Mr. Olympia may not work for the general public.
Keep in mind that some people just respond better than others.
As an example...I'll supp Psyllium Husk when my fiber is low, fat when I'm not getting enough of the good ones, and Glucosamine when my poundage's get heavy.
Rule #4:  Learn how to read the labels.
You need to know what you're getting.
Not all protein is created equal either.
Some absorb faster, some slower.
What's really in a proprietary blend?
How much of this supp is spiked with fillers?
These are questions that you should have before making your purchase.
Become an expert on reading labels and you'll save a lot of money.
Serving size and price per serving should not be overlooked.
Rule #5:   Know your dosages.
This is a hard one, especially if you do not have a coach or a nutritionist in your corner.
The back of the bottle is just a recommendation.
You may need to take less than what is recommended.
Some people need to take more.
Some freaks need to take a lot lot more.
This rule also relates to Rule #3.
Don't know how much you need?
The guys at VDN could educate you.
Rule #6:  Earn It.
This is my favorite rule and I should have listed this a #1.
You have to earn it.
If you're not working out hard enough or eating based on your needs, then why even supplement.
Trust me...a fat burner is not going to work if you're on an epic cheat day.
Rule #7:  Take a Break.
Some supps should be used year round like a multi-vitamin.
Some need to be cycled in and out.
Bottom line...give your body a break every once in a while.
Rule #8: Consider your budget.
The supplement industry is big time.
Owners are making millions off people buying supps.
Again, refer to the labels.
Know what you're putting in your body.
Earn it!
If you can't afford it, don't buy it.
Most supps don't even show their value until weeks, maybe even months of consistent use.
Rule #9:  Know your supps.
Ask questions.
Ask a lot of questions.
You should know how each supplement that you're purchasing works and most importantly, how it works.
The better you're prepared, the easier it is to determine what you need when you walk in to a supplement store.
The employees at Vegas Discount are great with this.
Tell them what you need and they'll show you what to get.
Rule #10:  Go to any of the Vegas Discount Nutrition Stores.
They are the best when it comes to service, selection, and value.
They know their stuff.
They're even better than the internet.
Just a note....This Vegas Discount Nutrition offered me a bottle of protein pancakes for free as long as I write a 5 star review.
I denied their offer.
I didn't take the freebie.
Can't do it!
Won't do it!!
My review is legit.
Vegas Discount is the best!!
First of all, I rarely give a review to a fast food restaurant.
If I end up reviewing a FF joint, it's due to great service or a poor review.
That said, the reason for my review is a good one.
It's all about service.
Been here about 4 times in the last year.
Every time I've been in here, usually drive thru, I've always had the best service.
A couple of nights ago arrived her 2 minutes before closing.
My fault, thought that this place closed at 11 PM, but it closed at 10 PM.
The Mgr took my order, like they should, but with no complaints.
The Mgr is always polite and the service is always quick.
If you're in the area and want something quick & heathly, this is a good spot.
BTW, healthy only if you order off the Fresh Grille Menu.
Otherwise, like any other fast food when it comes to nutrition.
What I've Tried:
-Super Sampler:  Average at best.
Greasy and about 1,800 calories.
-Big Cod Fish and Chips:  Thick piece of battered cod.
This was pretty good.
-Chicken and Fish Combo:  Just like the Super Sampler, will do if you're starving and willing to consume 830 in one shot.
-Salmon Entree:  My normal order.
Can't beat 255 calories with about 25 grams of protein.
The View Wine Bar and Kitchen is located in Tivoli Village above the Brio.
Can a be a bit confusing trying to figure out how to get up here.
You can go through the Market or if you are heading here after 10 PM, through the back.
I'm not a huge wine or even drinker, but found the View Wine Bar as a pretty cool place to hang out with friends or even a date.
The ambiance is toned down compared to most bars and also has that classy feel to it.
When it comes down to it, the classy feel comes from the classy clientele and excellent service.
The View Wine Bar also serves a bunch of mini dishes to either tie you over before dinner or to finish the job if dinner was too light.
Overall, the quiet, chill, and classy atmosphere at the View Wine Bar should make a fan of us all.
Sure makes a as perfect place for date night or fun/laughs with friends.
PS: The stores and shops that surround the View Wine Bar and Kitchen also gives this place it's character.
I suggest that you don't rush through the 2nd floor to get here.
And, lets not forget the view you get of Tivoli Village.
Enjoy your surroundings and the ambiance.
You won't be disappointed and may even score extra points if you're on a date.
Metro Diner - Las Vegas, NV (West Trop Location)

Those that know me know that I prefer to eat breakfast dishes all day every day.
It was just a matter of time before I finally got to check this breakfast bookmark off my list.
Metro Diner is a hit with locals and it's not uncommon for there to be a wait.
I attempted to dine here about a month ago, there was 3 groups ahead of me, and I didn't want to wait.
I finally had the opportunity to dine here last week on a Friday afternoon.
The parking lot was full and the restaurant was busy.
There was plenty of tables open and I was immediately seated.
Metro Diner's menu is extensive.
They're known for their Charleston Shrimp & Grits, the Fried Chicken & Waffles, and the Bold City Burger.
I know what I want and it was their special...The Meat Lover's Omelet.
This meal consists of 3 large eggs, bacon, ham, and sausage.
The meal also comes with toast and grits.
In my opinion, the grits were a little too salty for my liking.
My omelet was good and highly recommend.
I thought that the portions are average and the prices just a tad higher than the other breakfast joints in town.
The highlight of my first experience at Metro Diner is the service.
The entire staff was very attentive and checked up on me multiple times.
Overall, I recommend Metro Diner because they have so many options and the service is top notch.
Let's get a couple of things straight first, this is a buffet style Chinese restaurant with a very affordable price tag (around $20 for two).
That means...don't expect 5 Star food.
Let's be honest, when was the last time you spent $10 on any buffet and thought the food was "as good as it gets"?
That's what I thought.
But if you know of a place, hit me up.
China Star Buffet is located in North Las Vegas off Craig Rd.
I've been here about 3 times in the last 2 years and each time was because one of my team members wanted to eat here.
I take my team out for lunch just as a reward every once in awhile.
I give them the choice where to eat and they usually pick something cheap.
I'm not complaining, that just means less expenses for me.
I still think they select something cheap so that I don't expect more from them, lol.
Anyways, China Star Buffet seems to be their favorite.
This restaurant has your basic Chinese buffet food like wontons, egg drop soup, sweet/sour chicken, wannabe sushi, fish, skewers, crispy noodles, fried rice, and even pieces of pizza.
Everything listed happens to be everything I've tried and the food is just okay.
But again, I don't expect too much from establishments like this.
The service is A+.
This might be because I have a Chinese last name.
Yeah I'm one of those that flashes my ID at places like this to get superior service, joke only.
But seriously, the service has always been great from being seated quickly, drinks kept full, table cleaned, and check provided when needed.
Overall, I cannot give this place no less than 3 stars because you get what you pay for and the food quality is what they strive for.
PS:  On my last visit, my fortune cookie read "Learn Chinese".
Rosetta Stone here I come.
We were originally going to hike Calico Tanks and changed our plans once we saw the sign pointing in the direction of Turtlehead Peak.
Mentally, I was prepared to do Calico Tanks, which is a pretty easy hike.
I had to go from leisure mode to beast-mode with the quickness.
The hike is as difficult as everyone stated in their reviews.
The first .5 miles of the hike is flat and easy.
The rest is 2 miles of torture.
You'll definitely test your physical abilities, balance, and will power as your climb to the top.
The trail is marked with a clear trail path, signs, spray paint markings, and even ribbon on branches.
You'll hit a few switchbacks where you can get a little rest.
We did the hike during the middle of winter and as we got closer to the top we had another obstacle...snow and ice.
The trail became very difficult to follow because of the snow.
I took advantage of the two other hikers that made it to the top before us.
I used their footprints as a guide up.
We finally made it to the top and the view was worth it.
You get a full view of Red Rock Canyon, the Strip, and the Mt.
Charleston area.
I read a tip that you can even see Lake Mead on a clear day.
We settled at the top, took our pictures, and admired the gorgeous views.
The hike down is not easy either.
The hike up tested my endurance and cardio.
The hike down tested my balance and joints.
I made sure to watch every step on the way down.
As we got to the bottom, we greeted a bunch of hikers on the way up to Turtlehead Peak.
They all looked cheerful and had huge Kool Aid smiles.
Little do they know what lies ahead.
Overall, I love this hike.
I love everything about it.
If you haven't done this hike before, then I suggest that you do your homework first.
Be prepared for a long strenuous hike up and a great view from the top.
TIP #1:  Bring enough hydration, duh!
TIP #2:  Bring food to fuel you.
TIP #3:  Don't forget to sign the notebook at the top.
We forgot!!!
TIP #4:  Don't yell "I'm the King of the world" when you're at the top.
That's so 1997.
TIP #5:  Have fun and most importantly, be safe

2017 Hike Review #5 / 2017 Yelp Review #42
This OfficeMax is one of the bigger locations I've gone to.
It's also fairly busy too.
When it comes to my favorite office supply store, it's Staples.
Joke only.
Yes, it's OfficeMax of course.
My main reason...I get the best service at them.
Staples, Office Depot, and OfficeMax all tend to have the same goods and services.
But it appears to me that OfficeMax treats me better.
At this location, it's no different.
As soon as I walk in, I'm greeted.
There's always associates on the floor to also assist with your needs.
Now for the big plus, I get a pretty decent business discount from them.
I can't use it for personal use or share it with friends, but it sure helps to keep my work expenses low.
OfficeMax is great for printing, binding, and organizing my meeting presentations.
In some cases, I simply drop off what I need done, give a couple of instructions, and pick it up when it's done.
Never a hitch, always satisfied when I get back.
My only issue with this location is that I wish they had a separate copy center like the North Rainbow location near Summerlin.
I really can't believe that I haven't reviewed Gyu-Kaku.
It's not all you can eat and you cook your own food.
I don't mind because I think that I'm the best cook ever.
Everything cooks in about 1.5 minutes per side.
I've tried all the red meats, the shrimp, the salmon, and even the chicken.
Take my advice and skip the chicken.
The rest is pretty good and my favorite is their hanger steak.
Each serving of their hanger steak is about 3 oz., it's a little thin, but marinated just right for my taste.
Price for dinner is comparable to the rest of the Asian BBQ places out here.
Happy Hour is a couple bucks off their dinner prices.
In my opinion, you get the most out of your money during lunch when the prices are almost half off.
9 oz.
of meat for around $10??
Sold!!
2017 Yelp Review #9
Long Story Short:  Sore neck, back, calves, and arms all cured last night!!
My first visit was last night.
I lost my usual monthly masseuse about a month ago and needed to find a new place.
So naturally, I'm going to Yelp to see what everyone suggests out there.
And, here we are.
-Price:  You get a 10% discount if you check in through Yelp, but even without the discount the prices are really cheap.
$38 regular price for an hour.
I almost felt that I was ripping them off.
-Value:  You usually get what you pay for.
Here, you definitely get 4 times more than what you pay for.
My regular massage was $20 more and was from someone I know personally.
-Ambiance: This is where you get mixed reviews.
First of all, like most Yelpers stated already, massage with ALL your clothes on.
I've done naked, half naked, and underwear only.
No need to be naked, you get the massage without feeling too uncomfortable.
You are asked if you have specific preferences, male, or female.
I could have easily taken other Yelpers suggestions, but wanted to figure it out myself.
You are also getting a massage in either their big rooms full of other people or their semi private rooms.
Regardless which room you get your massage, you will hear other people's conversations and moaning.
And from me, snoring.
-Massage:  This is the highlight and it should be.
One of the best massages that I've ever gotten with your clothes on.
An hour massage includes your face, head, neck, arms, hands, back, calves down, upper pecs, and of course your feet.
Not too fond of foot massages from anyone, but their neck and back is the best.
These guys are strong too and will work your back like no other.
Overall:
English is not their first language so be patient.
If there's a specific spot you needed them to work or work longer in, then let them know.
If there are places you don't like to be massaged, then let them know.
If they do not understand you, they'll call someone to translate.
I will definitely be back at least once a month.
When friends and family come out, I will probably treat them to Best Foot Spa.
Hooray!!
Another new restaurant in DTLV.
Before I review this place, I need to apologize to the rest of our party for the service.
Yes, I admit that I was part of the reason why some of the people in our group didn't get 5 star service.
Heck, I didn't even get 5 star service.
But I did get what I thought was a very attentive server.
Carina was very nice, gave her recommendations on what I should eat & drink, and even chatted up a storm with me.
One thing I've noticed about restaurants in Las Vegas, waitresses always like to chat and sometimes the conversations can get out control where service for everyone else suffers.
While I got excellent service, the rest of our group didn't.
For that, I apologize to Terri R, Alicia R, Sugi, Toni R, and Merrick.
Won't happen again, I promise.
As for the actual food, I thought it was pretty good and different.
The  items on the menu reminded me of a fusion type Hash House without the huge portions.
Prices for the food are about average to what you find off the strip, but cheap considering you're in tourist land.
I had their Fried Chicken and Waffles with Sweet Potato Tater Tots.
I thought that this was flavorful with a bacon after taste.
Their Sweet Potato Tater Tots was something different and thought it was pretty good.
I washed my meal down with water, the Unicorn, and some old school Olde English 800.
Ambiance is a solid 4 stars, maybe a 5 during the weekdays.
We ate outside, which was great for people watching.
The only issue with eating outside is the smell coming out of the sewer.
My suggestion, try to eat inside if you can.
It will be tighter, but at least you don't get that horrendous sewer stench.
For drinks, you can take advantage of their bar or backyard garden.
The drinks, or lack there of, was a problem.
Park on Fremont was not prepared for the amount of people for their first week that they ran out of a lot of drinks that were on their menu by 8 PM.
Hopefully, this gets fixed soon.
Overall, I give this place 4 stars even with all the hiccups.
I'm giving Park on Fremont a break mainly because this is just the first week they have been open.
Food/Drinks:
-Fried Chicken and Waffles (Cap N Crunch Fried Chicken with Applewood and Smoked Bacon Waffles):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/park-on-fremont-las-vegas?select=GdRGpzfkvB96qtLx9IuLag#yPmBv7KxicmeCtxN5F7P3Q

-The Unicorn (Ketel One Citron Vodka, lemon juice, simple syrup-mint, ginger beer, and lemon wedge):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/park-on-fremont-las-vegas?select=Oyv1WrwBhCfkVTLXJmKV8Q#Cr5FTbdQDRnffQj1Sp-6Yg

-Olde English 800 (8-Ball):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/park-on-fremont-las-vegas?select=GdRGpzfkvB96qtLx9IuLag#0cE0O4i3lXdqxCCeFhuyvw


PS: Park on Fremont needs to change their business hours that are posted on Yelp.
The hours are obviously wrong at the moment.
And again, hopefully their beer stock improves.
Since moving here, I've been on that quest for some good boba.
I remember sending a few messages to Yelpers around Las Vegas asking where to go.
I got a mixed bag from Easy Life, Icy Juicy, and anywhere in Chinatown.
When you're stumped about a place, all you have to do is recognize where some of your Yelp friends go.
So Shirley B comes to mind because she always checks in to No 1 Boba Tea.
We all know her favorite based on her reviews and check in comments "No 50 for Shirley B".
That's "Food for Her".
Me, T-Elite, and Sugi decided to check this place out since it's close to our favorite ramen stop.
No 1 Boba is known for their fresh fruits.
I decided on a different route.
Disclaimer alert...I'm not into real fruit drinks or smoothies with boba.
Something about fruit that I just can't stomach.
When it comes to boba anything, I go for the Caramels, Coffees, and Peanut Butter Bobas.
I like Taro too since it reminds me of Ube but chose No.
49 which is their Peanut Butter Banana with boba.
No.
49 fits me perfectly minus the banana of course.
When I think of the number 49, I think of the best NFL team in history.
I think of five Lombardi's.
I'm also reminded that no one has it better than us.
Now, 49 is my go to boba drink at No 1 Boba Tea.
Really good, creamy, and the sheer size of these drinks are outstanding.
You can taste the peanut butter throughout and if you're a PB lover, then this needs to be your pick too.
No 1 Boba also has a wall of dried fruits, which you are not allowed to pick at.
With my allergies to fruit, this is a no no.
I call this the Wall of Death.
But all you fruit lovers, help yourself.
As for my favorite boba spot, still unsure.
There's still more to try out here in Las Vegas.
I've tried many so far and No 1 Boba is leading the way.
I don't mind going on this search for my one stop boba shop.
Just remember  "I'm not paying for dinner".
3 Stars for Service
3 Stars for Price and Value
3 Stars for Taste

Chapala's Mexican Restaurant has been around for years.
According to the waiter, they recently moved to this location to here.
The prices here are pretty good.
For $13, you can get their 3 item combo which also includes rice & beans.
I chose their Chicken Taco, Chicken Enchilada, and Chili Relleno.
Tough for me to say it wasn't good because I demolished it.
All items were good, but nothing that really sets them apart from all other dine in Mexican Restaurants.
Besides, I still prefer your hole in the wall type south of the border stops.
Food came out quick and this was probably due to the fact that we were the only guest here.
I can't imagine how this place is when it's busy.
Service here was okay and with lunch comes free chips with salsa.
The basket for the chips is small, but refills are free.
Not the best chips in town, but will hit the spot while you wait for your food.
Overall 3 Stars because they are just okay.
Best Loco Moco in town!!
I actually prefer this location over the Durango one.
I know they're supposed to be the same, but I think get bigger servings here.
Island Flavor has huge portions and their prices can't be beat.
The only item that I have ever had at this location is their Loco Moco.
In my opinion, Island Flavor has the best Loco Moco in Las Vegas.
The patties are huge/thick, you get a lot of eggs, and there's tons of rice & gravy.
After eating here, I'm set for at least 3.7 hours.
I look forward to coming back when I'm in the area.
2017 Yelp Review #37
While everyone is shopping the day after Thanksgiving (i.e.
Black Friday), I'm going to take advantage of one of the busiest Gold's Gyms in Las Vegas and get my workout on (i.e.
Back Friday).
What do I mean by taking advantage?
I've heard it and you might have heard it...this is one busy Gold's Gym.
I figured that I can only get a good workout here during the early, early AM, or during a busy shopping day.
I'm a Gold's Gym and a 24 Hour Fitness member.
And because Vegas is such a small city, I tend to hit different gyms based on what I'm working on or the time of the day.
Some gyms out here have to be avoided during different times, especially peak times.
This is one of those gyms.
It's one of the more popular Gold's out here and it isn't the biggest.
Combine the two and you get one packed gym.
That being said, I do avoid this gym during peak hours.
My reason for 4 stars is because it's clean and there's plenty of equipment.
This gym is also a great back/lat gym with a T-Bar, multiple Hammer leverage machines, plenty of cables, and of course, free weights.
That's all you really need for a good back workout.
I didn't work any other body parts but noticed that this gym is stacked with plenty of power racks, benches, and Smith machines.
So, I assume this is also a good chest and leg gym too.
As for cardio, either it's lacking or there's just a lot of cardio Dukes & Duchesses here.
Here's my tip...if you see one open, take it.
Other Highlights:
-Tanning Room (if you have this added too the membership)
-Cardio Theater
-Clean Locker Room.
-Cool Staff
-Well Ventilated
-A lot of parking spots
-Fitness Classes

If you're a Gold's member, looking to mix things up, and working out during their non-peak hours, give this Gold's Gym a try.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (494/500)
First of all, this review is not for the smoothies.
The review is for the food.
I'm at Red Rock at least once a week during the NFL season.
There are plenty times when I'm starving and want something quick that isn't their buffet, cafe, or restaurants.
So, where do I go?
The food court of course and this time Tropical Smoothie.
My first visit at Tropical Smoothie was a couple of months ago.
Reviewed the menu and saw that at least the pictures looked good.
I settled for the $3.99 Chicken Pesto in flatbread.
Since their smoothies are a bit pricey, I assumed that the Chicken Pesto was small.
So, I ordered 2.
The Chicken Pesto was really good.
Melted cheese, just the right amount of pesto, and thick pieces of chicken.
All in a heated thick piece of flatbread.
To my surprise, each Chicken Pesto was pretty big too.
I was almost full after devouring one.
Still had one more to go and my mom didn't raise a quitter, so I ate the other.
Since my first visit, I've been here about 5 more times and when it comes to service, they have it right.
Scary that they even know me by name and have my order started before I make it to check out.
Move over Rubio's and Fatburger, I think I found my new go to food court item while I'm at Red Rock.
I can't wait to try the other sandwiches.
Review Update

I usually write a gym review as my first review of the year.
This year is no different.
Other Yelpers have complained about broken equipment and they're right.
This gym has a lot of broken machines and cardio equipment.
Maybe it's cost.
This EOS does take their time to fix busted machines.
My advice...screw the machines and hit the free weights.
This gym has everything that I need in order to get a good workout.
I had over 500 sessions at this gym and honestly can say that I love this gym.
TIP:  Avoid this gym between 5 PM and 9 PM on the weekdays.
It's really packed.
2017 Yelp Review #1
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:  

Both Terri R and I completed the Vegas 100 Yelp Challenge.
New challenge...who has the best Halo-Halo in the valley.
Elena's was our first restaurant to visit.
First impression wasn't good since we were immediately told upon walking in that we couldn't stay long because they close in 30 minutes.
Then there's the actual main attraction, their Halo-Halo.
Decently priced, this dessert was missing red beans and flan.
I was already disappointed from that alone.
I finished my Halo-Halo and it was just okay.
I've never been a huge fan of Elena's Pinoy Food and their Halo-Halo was no different.
PS:  Refer to Terri R's review of Elena's for more details on their Halo-Halo.
http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
The gf booked the Signature at MGM Grand for our one day/one night staycation.
It was my birthday weekend and yes, she spoils me.
So, when it comes down to price, I don't know if this was a great deal or not.
However, by reading other reviews, a stay here isn't bad at all.
I don't do hit up the strip as much as I use to.
But when I do, I love to play tourist.
Staying here was convenient since we also had plans to walk the strip, hit up a few tourist spots, gamble a little, and of course, eat.
You get the best of both worlds with the Signature.
You're close to the strip, but you won't feel like it once your in your room.
So here are my highlights:
-Great staff
-Parking/Valet.
Valet will usually have free bottles of water in case you need some hydration.
-Security
-Smoke Free
-Spacious Rooms with a kitchen
-Huge bathroom equipped with a nice sized tub and shower
-Free fitness room.
They have free-weights too, but only up to 50 lbs.
-Walkways straight into the MGM.
-Three Towers
-Happy Hour
-Starbucks
-My favorite...the rowdy "Vegas Baby!"
crowds are non-existent

I had a good time and a great weekend.
It also helps that my stay at the Signature was comfortable.
Yes, I recommend the Signature at MGM.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (022/366)
Back in 2011, I stayed at the South Point Casino a lot.
What came with my stay was a coupon voucher to enjoy a good meal at Primarily Prime Rib.
Those were the days and I dined here more than I can remember.
It's been years since I've dined here and it's still the same.
The service is great, the prices will not burn a hole in your pocket, and the food is pretty good.
When my bosses are in town, they prefer to come here for their prime rib.
These guys have no limit to how much they can spend for dinner.
And yet, they still choose to come here.
They love Primarily Prime Rib for primarily the prime rib.
I'm not a prime rib type of guy and only tried it once.
What I enjoy at Primarily Prime Rib is their Steak Medallions, Salmon, and Baked Potato.
This has been my exact meal the last 3 times I've been here.
The Steak Medallions and Salmon together is currently not on the menu.
However, if you ask your server, they'll usually hook up this Surf n' Turf for a small additional price.
The salmon is flaky just how I like it and not fishy at all.
The medallions combined with their mushroom glaze is really good and I recommend it.
It's almost guaranteed that I will be coming here when the bosses are in town.
Heck, I was just here last night.
2017 Yelp Review #79
This review is for Sunset Station's Sports Book.
If there's one thing I learned about Las Vegas since moving here, it's that my friends sure need me most when it's Friday during the football season.
Never fails.
I will get that phone call Friday afternoon to place a bet for Saturday and Sunday's games.
I'm like a bank at times.
Might as well call me Mel's Fargo.
That brings me to Sunset Station's Sports Book.
Located off Sunset and Marks.
You can't miss Sunset Station from the 95 freeway.
But if you're going to the Sports Book only, park on the Sunset side since it's closer.
I didn't stay to watch any games, but was surprised on the seating.
For a smaller casino, the sports book is actually bigger than a lot of strip casinos.
Comfortable seating too.
Lines to place bets are no different than any other sports book in Vegas.
Usually long after and before a game.
Usually shorter during the middle of a game.
One thing about this sports book, they open additional windows if the line gets long.
Ambiance, amount of TV's, and comfort is what I look for in a sports book.
This sports book has all 3.
If in the area and need a place to watch a game, don't be surprised to find me here moving forward.
For a sports book, I recommend.
This has to be one of the biggest sports books for a Station Casino.
Finally got back into hiking...I hope that is.
Las Vegas is more than just casinos, night life, strip clubs, and hotels.
Las Vegas also has Red Rock Canyon, which I regret not taking the advantage of more.
We decided on hiking the Grand Staircase off Calico Basin.
We weren't  looking for a very difficult or strenuous hike.
But weren't also in search of a cupcake either.
Elnino F led a handful of us, which included Terri R, Ian A, Yessenia, Gemma, and myself.
The hike starts off rather simple, but gets tougher the higher you go up, it did for me at least.
From bottom to the top, it took us 36 minutes flat.
Keep in mind, that we were in no rush, we took our time, we wanted to be safe, and of course, made several pit stops to photo shoot.
The hike down is a different story.
This took us about 10 minutes longer.
We even got side tracked because all the trails and rocks started to look the same.
I'm writing this review which means we made it down safe.
My advice...be safe, respect Mother Nature, and come out to enjoy what else Vegas has to offer.
Just a Note:
-The hike up is like walking up Mother Nature's staircase.
Hah!
-Be prepared to scramble up and down the Grand Staircase.
-Gorgeous views from the top
-Pack enough hydration regardless of the weather.
I even packed some BCAA's and protein in order to get my meals in.
-Sunscreen is a must
-Wear comfortable clothing and shoes.
-Off...you will need some bug repellent to warn off those pesty mosquitos.
-A moderate hike like the Grand Staircase sure beats the treadmill and stairmaster any day.
Great cardio!
PS: Elnino and I have been planning a hike for the last 8 months.
Better late than never, my friend.
More hikes to come.
That's for sure.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (418/500)
Located adjacent to Rio's Sport Book.
Obviously, it's titled the Sports Deli.
Usually only one line, but when it's game time, it's a long line.
The good news with a longer than usual line is that you're given enough time to decide what to order.
What to Order?
-1/2 Hot Dog:  Yes it's that big and grilled to perfection.
Not a hot dog fan, but you can't watch a sporting event without eating a hot dog.
-Fries: My favorite, steak fries!!
-Onions Rings:  Huge, good, but not good for you.
That's the best kind

-Burgers: Made to order and takes about 5 minutes.
Good portions.
-Fried Chicken Wings: Probably their best item.
Tasty, fresh, and breaded just right.
Prices are a bit high in my opinion ($10 for a burger), but locals get 25% off and if you have an Total Rewards Card, even cheaper.
If I'm at the Rio and want that quick something to feed my belly, I have to make a decision.
Do I wait 30+ minutes for the Carnival Buffet or do I get in and out at this deli.
I choose the deli every time.
I didn't even know this library existed until recently.
The Centennial Library used to be my spot.
This library is about 1/4 the size of Centennial, but still quiet enough for me to get some work done.
Aliante's library is clean, there's plenty of parking, and the drive up drop boxes makes everything convenient.
The staff is pretty cool and they've been helpful every time I needed assistance.
Receiving a library card is quick, painless, and takes about 5 minutes.
You can checkout up to 35 items per library card with a 15 DVD limit.
Overall, I'm a fan and will be back.
Just a note...check the postings for upcoming events.
Lots of cool stuff for parent and their kids to participate in.
2017 Yelp Review #18
I'm a fan, but doesn't mean I will be back anytime soon.
I better not.
This place could be dangerous for my health.
Olive and Ivy is located in Phoenix' Sky Harbor Airport.
Most airport restaurants lack quality, taste, portions, and good prices.
The menu here consist of Italian food mainly pizza's and sandwiches.
Here's what makes me a fan, the prices are pretty good and the portions are fairly big.
This place gets busy and because everything is cooked to order, there's usually a line of impatient people catching a flight.
As for the food, I ended up getting their pepperoni and sausage pizza.
This was so good, thick deep dish, and very tasty.
Probably one of the better fast food type pizzas I have had in a very long time.
Pepperoni and Sausage:   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/olive-and-ivy-marketplace-phoenix?select=UQi6AYXvTrxBFRBG0Axt3w#UQi6AYXvTrxBFRBG0Axt3w
REVIEW 365 OF 2013!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE (LA Style) - Crushed and DeMELished!!!
Met up with a few close friends to celebrate the GF's birthday.
I've heard of the place, seen it, but never had the opportunity until now.
Let's start with the restaurant itself.
I thought that the actual restaurant is clean and loved the ambiance because it wasn't packed for a Holiday weekend.
The menu is just a basic one pager with food on one side and wines on the other.
The first thing to catch my eye with PJ Clarke's menu is the sticker price.
Here, you get your choices of different steaks, lobster, fish, burgers, and a few different appetizers.
The prices are a bit high, but expected since it's on the strip and in the Forum.
This is a chophouse and their steak and seafood entrees are about what you expect to pay for on the strip.
The portions looked just about right too.
My gripe about the prices is on their other food outisde of steaks.
Everything outside of their steaks were a bit over-priced.
I wasn't in the mood for steak on this visit, so I ended up with their Cadillac Burger (Over $20).
No frills, above average taste, but not worth the price tag in my opinion.
We had tater tots, calamari, and onion strings for appetizers and felt that all three were little on the salty side.
Terri R had the Lobster Mac and I thought it was pretty good, but a touch on the salty side too.
Service here wasn't the best.
From where we were at, you can hear the chef yelling at that the staff and our server wasn't the most attentive.
First, he took forever to take our order.
When our orders finally came in, he just dropped off the food without even asking if we needed anything else.
Yes sir, ketchup would be nice with our fries.
Please, some dipping sauce for our onion strings would be great.
A knife would be perfect with my meal, but I guess a butter knife is all I get.
I also got an allergic reaction from my dessert (my fault).
All I needed to hinder my nauseousness was some crackers.
Our server was too busy chatting with his buds that I had to wave for another server to take care of us.
The sad part...our group was big and the tip was automatically added.
That means that our server got close to $100 for doing almost nothing.
Overall, not the biggest fan of PJ's.
All is not lost though.
I still had a great time with friends and the birthday girl, Terri R.  Happy Birthday to my GP!!!
If I could rate the restaurant based on the great time we all had during dinner, it would be 5+ Stars for sure.
PS:  Read the reviews...seems like Happy Hour is the way to go here.
Maybe, I will be back.
But for now, 3 stars is all you get, PJ Clarke.
What can I say about Top Notch Barbeque??
You see the rating, I'm a fan.
But I am usually a fan of anything BBQ.
I've had this one bookmarked as soon as I saw that this was opened for business.
I knew that I would eventually hit this place up once Lent was over.
Well, Lent was over and now had three BBQ spots bookmarked;  Top Notch, TC Rib Crib, and Rollin Smoke.
I hear that all are pretty good so it really didn't matter which one I was going to hit first.
Let's start with the bad;
1.
Smoke:  Not what you think, this isn't a restaurant where people smoke.
But the place stinks of cigarettes.
I am assuming the previous business was a pub or bar.
If you can get past this, then you're ready for issue number 2.
2.
Price:  I thought that the prices here were a little high for what you get.
Over $25 for a three item combo???
At Famous Dave's, you can get a two item combo for less than  $10.
3.
Selection:  Menu is a small one pager.
Selection isn't huge.
Now for the good:
1.
Taste:  I had their Beef Brisket Sandwich which was so good.
This sandwich basically melted in my mouth.
All I could think of was that their ribs must be good too.
I'm assuming just from the tenderness of the briskets that their ribs are literally "fall off the bone" type.
I also had their Cincinnati Chili Cheese Fries.
My goodness, was this so bad for you, but good for me.
There's a slight sweet taste from the ginger they add to the chili.
Both my meals were great and if it's just taste that I'm rating, I'd give them a solid 4.5 stars.
My only issues with the food was the size of the sandwich.
For over $10, I felt that this was a big small.
Overall, it's the taste of the food that keeps me from rating Top Notch below 4 stars.
Price is a little heavy in my opinion.
But if you're looking for BBQ that's not a chain, then Top Notch should be on your radar.
Beef Brisket Sandwich:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jelWGqD1Jf3fbQDyIvtDJA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Cincinnati Chili Cheese Fries:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=3Zu2v5q44atIm7Bguf_kiQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
I'm just going to get it out right now.
This EOS is not my favorite gym in Las Vegas.
I don't have a problem with the staff, the gym is always clean, and it's within 1.5 miles from my house.
Cardio is located up on the mezzanine.
The rest of the gym equipment is located on the first floor.
My problem is that I never had a great workout here.
I don't know if it's the vibe, the lack of motivation, or just the fact that this gym is small.
This gym reminds me of a hotel gym and is considered packed if there's more than 15 people here.
I'm not saying that I need a huge, busy AF gym.
I really hate those.
I just prefer a gym with a little more equipment/weights and the space to support it.
2017 Gym Review #5 / 2017 Yelp Review #54
I just realized that I have not reviewed PublicUs.
PublicUs comes to mind when I think of Downtown Las Vegas.
It's one of my favorite places to go to for their coffee, food, and to hang out.
If I'm here for breakfast, I'll stick to just their eggs, bacon, and omelets.
There's a lot on their menu and everything is either organic or healthier.
During dinner, PublicUs has a lot of great options as well including a tasty chicken, awesome flank steak, and a delicious braised short rib.
I know that I didn't mention desserts and pastries.
The got a lot of that stuff here.
Check them out for yourself.
You really can't go wrong with any of the food at PublicUs.
When I think of PublicUs, I think of the incredible service and ambiance.
You'll find locals, tourist, families, hipsters, and people here on dates.
The seating is limited only because it's busy and a very popular spot in Downtown LV.
Overall, I'm more than just a fan.
I look forward to every visit at PublicUs.
TIP:  Dinosaurs everywhere!
Okay...everyone that lives here and even on here on Yelp, this place comes highly recommended.
Maybe it's me, and it probably is, but I didn't find anything special with the boba here.
Boba was okay, buy its just my opinion.
I gave this place 4 stars because my daughter loves this place and a friend of mine loves it too.
The service is always good, quick, and efficient.
Place is always clean.
The boba is not bad, just felt like its too watery if that makes any sense.
I like my boba drinks thick.
I do admit that so far this is the best in Las Vegas.
If I need that boba fix, I come here.
That's until I find better.
Located inside Aliante.
This sports book is conveniently located right next to the parking garage entrance.
I still think that this sports book is one of the best ones to watch the games and maybe place a bet a or two.
There's usually enough seating and the lines are handled fairly quick here.
Dollar drinks and snacks during the games are bonus.
It rarely gets busy here so it's not a bad place if you just wanted to relax to watch the game.
The bar and seating is plenty.
Teriyaki Boy is one smart business.
Located smack in between LVAC and a nutrition store.
Where else do people from LVAC go for their post workout?
They should come here, especially since your anabolic window is about an hour after your workout.
I still remember when this location use to be Bonzai Bob's.
They have since shut their doors and Teriyaki Boy took over.
Teriyaki Boy still has the same line up and even supports ex-Mr. O Jay Cutler like Bonzai Bob's use to do.
I was a fan when it was Bonzai Bob's and a fan now even though it's changed to Teriyaki Boy.
I've tried their steaks, chicken, and salmon bowls.
Everything I've tried has tasted fresh and flavorful.
But it's their brown rice that tastes amazing.
If you come here and get a bowl, try it will brown rice.
For some reason, it brings the flavor out of their meats.
My most recent meal was their salmon wrap w/extra meat.
This was good, not as good as their steak or chicken bowls, but good enough to sustain me for a few hours.
All their meals are price low.
The most expensive item on the menu is currently $9.40.
But keep in mind that these prices are for their larger.
If you got your big boy pants on or need that extra extra protein, go for the Cutler Bowl which is about 48 oz of food (over 12 oz of meat).
It will cost additional to go huge on their meals, but well worth it.
Plus, it's perfect for the next day's packed lunch or baon (for all you Pinoys).
For an even better deal, try their "Weekly Meal Plan".
This will save you about $2 on each bowl, but this also means the same meal all week long which can be boring.
To some, T-Boys is just another Teriyaki Madness or Samurai Sams.
Both taste and prices are similar.
But it's way more affordable than Greens & Protein when it comes to their chicken, steak, and salmon.
If you're hungry and looking for something on the healthier side, give T-Boys a try.
My suggestion...go big and get their Cutler Bowl.
PS:  There is a table reserved for Jay Cutler.
I didn't know who he was or how big of a deal he was until the day I was sitting in his chair.
Yes...he walked in and everyone gave me the look.
I got the "you better get out of his seat" type look.
This was a while back during the Bonzai Bob days, but they say he still frequents this place.
My advice, stay out of his seat!!!
One complaint about the C Gates inside McCarran Airport is the lack of places to eat at.
Your choices range from their gift shop for snacks or lousy service at Jose Cuervo  Tequilaria.
Kudos to McCarran Airport for opening the Great American Bagel.
The Great American Bagel has become my go-to spot when I'm McCarran's C Gates waiting for my flight.
The reason is simple...it's quick, they have grilled chicken breast, and the ladies behind the counter remind me of my mommy.
The bagels are good too.
4 Stars for their Food
2 Stars for their Service

I have eaten here about 3 times and every time I have had the worst service.
Here's today's experience.
We initially get seated and asked what we want to drink.
Drink arrives fairly quick and I ask the question "What's the Soup of the Day".
Waitress responds that she doesn't know and will ask someone else.
Another waitress arrives and ask us what we wanted to order.
We asked for a minute, which means, come back in about 5 minutes.
This doesn't mean ignore us for the next 15 minutes while you chit chat with another guest.
The waitress must have noticed that we were beginning to wait impatiently.
She arrived at our table and asked us if we were ready.
I responded yes and she immediately said she'd be back.
???????
Finally came back and took our order.
I had the Country Fried Steak, Eggs, Hash Browns, and Biscuit/Gravy.
Eggs were a bit runny, but the rest of the food was perfect.
Portions and price are good.
Big portions and fairly cheap.
Besides their eggs, the food is always fresh.
It always seems to take some time for them to take your order here.
Happened to me all three times I've been here.
But the food almost makes up for it.
Been here about 10+ times in the last year.
Didn't realize that I never reviewed this place.
Last visit 8/13/12.
What I've Tried:
-Chicken Breast Bowl w/Brown Rice (Extra Meat):  Only when I feel like eating healthier

-Teriyaki Chicken Bowl w/Brown Rice (Extra Meat):  My go to meal

-Orange Chicken w/White Rice: Nothing special, actually prefer Panda Express

-Katsu Chicken w/White Rice:  Stick to a Hawaiian restaurant.
When it comes to taste, I think this place is tastier than Tboy and Samurai Sams.
Tboy and Samurai Sams can taste a little bland.
I can't place it, but TMAD definitely taste better.
However, I still find myself going to Samurai Sam's more often since I get a discount.
In the mood for some chili and parked in front of, guess what?, Chili's.
Been feeling under the weather lately and a good cup of chili should do.
Might as well get chili at a place named Chili's.
I wanted to minimize how many people I got sick, so I opted to enter through their To-Go entrance.
Plus, I'm getting my food to go.
Makes perfect sense.
The problem with their To-Go area is that no one was there to take my order.
So, I sat and sat and sat.
While I waited, I could hear a bunch of their servers giggling from the kitchen.
I must have had my invisible cloak on today.
After about 5 minutes of zero service, which felt like an hour, I decided to make my presences known.
The best way to do this is enter their kitchen.
So, I did.
That immediately got the chatter to stop and my order taken.
Finally!!!
Pretty sure they can tell I was irritated because the guy taking my order seemed to go above and beyond with great customer service.
Good save Chili's  

I ended up getting the Enchilada Chicken Tortilla Soup and Sliders w/extra Onion Strings.
I know I originally came in for their chili, but remembered how good their Enchilada Tortilla Soup was.
I only ordered the sliders because I haven't got any protein since the day prior.
Got my order in less than 15 minutes, took it home, and within 30 minutes was a happy man.
Love their Tortilla Soup!!!
Been to this Chili's 2 other times, but just for appetizers and drinks.
Service didn't start out good today, but ended great.
Again, good save and I plan on coming back.
NOTE:  Food to go always seems smaller than when you eat it there.
Just a thought for the next time I order To-Go.
Just means I need to order more.
I don't dine here too often, but have been here twice in the last 37 days.
First off, the menu can get a little overwhelming and that's a good thing.
There's so much on the menu that it can be difficult choosing something to eat.
Their menu consist of apps, salads, breakfast, tons of sandwiches, burgers, chicken, pork, seafood, steaks, BBQ, Mexican food, Greek food, and of course, desserts.
Everything at Jerry's is priced crazy low and the portions are right on.
Every time that I ask for their recommendation, they tell me to get the prime rib because it's their signature dish.
I have yet to try it, but I'm sure that I will soon.
I've been keeping it simple lately and usually just go for their Two Eggs Breakfast or the Burger Patty & Eggs.
The hash browns is the highlight of both meals and I'll have them make it extra, extra crunchy.
It's so good.
Service is pretty good, but it really all depends on how busy they are.
The place can get busy, even on the weekdays.
I also noticed that Jerry's serves a lot of repeat customers and the servers know them by name.
Jerry's have been around a very long time.
With all the breakfast joints that we have in town, it's good to see that Jerry's is still holding its own.
2017 Yelp Review #127
I really can't believe that I have not reviewed this In-N-Out.
I will try to avoid this In-N-Out because the lines are always long.
Besides, I have an In-N-Out less than a mile from my house.
The food is still good at this location and I highly recommend their Double Double, with extra spread, and extra toast.
It's less than $5 and bargain.
My recent meals at this In-N-Out have been two Flying Dutchman's (4 patties / 4 slices of cheese).
It's so good that I can eat 10 of these.
This In-N-Out is located next door to a Cracker Barrel.
I will even see peeps leave the Cracker Barrel and head to In-N-Out.
2017 In-N-Out Review #10
I'm at an Officemax at least twice a month.
I even have a couple near my home but find myself driving an extra mile or two to come here.
Why??
Well, it's the combination between their customer service, full service printing, and because it's located next to a Barnes & Nobles.
Main reason I hit up an Officemax is to have copies made.
I rather not spend the next 15+ minutes doing it myself, so I get the full service.
Price to get this done is far cheaper for me here than a FedEx, Office Depot, or Staples.
Besides, at this location I can drop off my originals, give them my request (i.e.
hole punched paper, stapled, binded, etc), then head next door to the Barnes & Noble.
The service at the actual store is pretty good too.
There's always an associate that greets you in and out.
Some of the best customer service.
I usually have a list and they have no problems directing me to each item.
Bottom line, I prefer this Officemax over others just out of pure convenience.
Easy parking because it's usually empty, near a freeway, close to a Starbucks, close to a book store, and super service.
Natural Grocers opened in our neighborhood about 5 months ago and it's still clean, organized, and well stocked.
Natural Grocers is known for having healthy foods, "clean" food, organic foods, vitamins, and supplements.
The vitamin and supplement aisle is stacked.
They have almost everything you need for maintaining your health.
But I thought that the prices were a little high on their supps, especially the NOW brand.
Protein powders here is about 50% more than nutrition shops around Vegas.
I probably would never buy a supplement or protein powder here due to the prices.
I did notice that their prices on apple cider vinegar, some peanut butters, branded frozen foods, chips, and their Stumptown cold brew was priced pretty good.
I would come back for those items.
Overall, Natural Grocers is basically a smaller version of Whole Foods aka Whole Paycheck.
Natural Grocers' prices is slight higher than your big box grocery store and a tad lower than Whole Foods.
2017 Yelp Review #87
I'm here at least once a week.
My normal order:
Large Chicken Bowl (white meat), extra Chicken, brown rice, and broccoli.
10oz of tasty chicken breast!!!
If I'm here 1 to 2 times per week, obviously I recommend this place.
Staff has always been good.
This place is not incredibly busy so you may find associates doing nothing.
I don't mind it.
Biggest perk is a discount I get because I go to the gym.
See you guys Sunday!!!
Whether you're visiting or local, this is a must try at least once.
I say once because my 2nd time was just okay.
But, let's discuss my 1st time.
This place is facinating and the price is just about right for an exhibit.
I don't remember paying $35 per person like everyone else.
I might have received a local discount.
The human body is amazing and always makes me wonder how everything works together.
You can basically learn everything about the human body at this exhibit.
You see everything from the bones, muscles, viens, etc.
I didn't get the guided tour, just read the signs.
Also, the staff is educated enough that they can answer all your questions.
At least, they answered all of mine.
At the end, I paid the money and got the lenticular photo which changes your body into skeletons.
Pretty cool stuff.
If anything, this exhibit may have changed my life.
There is one section dedicated to smoking and how the tar really affects our lungs.
This part of the exhibit was eye opening.
I've known about the affects of my bad habit, but this place really brings it to light with their stats and examples of what a smoker's lungs look like.
Immediately after this exhibit, I made a concious effort to quit smoking.
So far, been a month since I had a cigarette.
This exhibit helped me do what no one was every able to help me do, that's cut my smoking.
Cats Everywhere!!
I guess I'm letting the cat out of the bag with this one.
They sure love cats at Tea Space.
It's obvious that the owner loves cats.
First of all, check out his car.
His license plate says "I Love Cat".
Second, Tea Space is located on Spring Mountain and DeCATur.
See the coincidence.
And if that isn't enough, then check out the décor.
Cat's everywhere!!
You cat miss it.
You'll meet Jazz the King Cat at the front counter.
He's a cat statue dressed like a king chillin' like a villain.
He's obviously the Alpha Cat.
Then there's the posters on the wall.
You'll find Harry Potter the Cat, Thor the Cat, Catman, and my favorite, Cat-Tain America.
I didn't get the names of the owner or employees.
But I have to admit, they are a couple of cool cats.
As for their menu, it's pretty simple and basic.
They serve fresh teas, milk teas, iced coffees, milk smoothies, yogurt drinks, ice soy milk drinks, and slush drinks.
Yes, the menu has a lot of "cat"egories.
Toppings include honey boba, egg pudding lychee, jellies, green & red bean, taro, honey, and sea salt.
I had the coffee milk tea with boba.
It was delish and hit the spot.
We also had a free sneak peek of their grass jelly with sea salt.
Four words...You cat deny it.
Sorry, cat help it.
I can't catain myself.
It was good and mixed well with my coffee milk tea.
Take my advice and ask for the grass jelly.
It would be a "cat"astrophe if you didn't.
As for me, I had a huge serving of boba and can barely move.
I'm almost "cat"atonic.
Time for a cat nap, so I'll end it my review now.
My final thoughts....iced milk tea with boba on a hot summer day in Las Vegas equals purrfection.
2016 Yelp Review #35
Breakfast for lunch?
Yes, of course.
I love breakfast food!
I've been a fan of Sunrise Café since this first time I step foot in here.
And guess what?
They specialize in just breakfast.
You can pretty much find all types of breakfast items at Sunrise Café.
Their menu consist of eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, French toast, sandwiches, wraps, Benedicts, oatmeal, and even burgers.
My go-to meal is the Jacob's Slammin' Platter for $8.99 (eggs, silver dollar pancakes, bacon, Canadian bacon, sausage, potatoes, and choice of bread).
You really can't go wrong with that order.
Lately, I've been keeping it simple with a BYO Omelet for $8.99 or just 8 eggs with bacon.
"The Lighter Side of Guilt" is also on their menu, which is their healthier portions and lower calorie meals.
But who has time for that.
I have no complaints with the food.
The prices are great and the service has always been excellent.
TIP #1:  $2 upcharge for egg whites.
TIP #2:  MAKE IT A MONSTER for an additional $3.25.
They'll hook up the omelets.
TIP #3:  2 stars for the parking.
TIP #4:  This place can get really busy during the weekend mornings.
But it's perfect during lunch in the middle of the week.
TIP #5:  Country Potatoes Extra Crispy!!
TIP #6:  Try the Snow Caps (buttered fried bagel bites covered with cinnamon sugar).
YOLO!
2017 Yelp Review #32
Fuddrucker's - The Orleans Hotel & Casino.
Okay, you caught me.
I eat at Fuddruckers.
I used to go out of my way to eat at Fuddruckers for their exotic burgers (elk, bison, ostrich, etc.).
But most of their exotics are no longer available or cost way too much.
My last couple of visits have been for just your typical one pound burger patty with no bun.
If I'm hungry, I will make it a double (2 lbs.).
This burger patty is thick, on the greasy side, and necessary if you're behind on protein.
The service is quick depending on the length of the line or depending if the guest in front of you knows what they want.
I don't go to Fuddruckers often, but will dine here if I'm at The Orleans, looking for something that fits my diet, and something quick.
TIP:  Conveniently located near Orleans Poker Room.
I'm in this area a lot for work and can't believe I never seen this place.
Zaba's is sort of hidden, but once you find it, it's on.
You can pretty much get the same dishes that a Chipotle carries, but in my opinion, it's fresher here.
I love restaurants like this where the service is good, the ambiance is chill, and the menu is easy.
Because it's my first time, I ended up getting their shredded beef taco, chicken taco, and steak taco.
All were wrapped in corn tortilla.
I kept my tacos basic, with just a hint of cheese on each and that's it.
No lettuce, no sauce, no guac, no anything else.
Okay, I lied.
I may have had some sour cream added.
My tacos were seasoned and full of flavor.
Out of the 3 tacos, I think that the steak held it's flavor best.
As for price and size, these aren't your small street tacos.
These tacos are bigger and the prices are well in my budget.
Lets be honest, I think I could have eaten 3 more not because of the size of these tacos, but because these tacos were so good.
One day I will be back to try their nachos loaded with chicken or one of their ginormous burritos.
I think it's obvious, I am a fan.
Need to thank the GF for this one.
If it wasn't for her, I'd still be missing out.
Shredded Beef Taco: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=_4tx8_4axuhJpDEETCE_Cw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Chicken Taco:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=UAD8eu1jMJmt4VZ4uXWLGg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Steak Taco:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=RiZDqh_IEI5Dpgu3EXkx8A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
It's had to been at least 3 years since my last visit here and my opinion of this place has not changed one bit.
The menu is basically the same and the prices are still as good as it gets.
Comfort food at its finest when you're in DTLV.
Aloha's is located in the California Hotel & Casino (2nd level).
What to expect...perfect late night dinner, ginormous portions, and great prices.
You can get most HI dishes here and the menu is simple.
My suggestion...get their Teri anything.
One of the guys in our group was excited because Kalua Pig was on the menu.
Once we got in line, bam!
Kalua Pig is all out.
Aloha's must have noticed his disappointment.
They immediately took the sign down and it was back on the menu.
Yes!
Juice!
Elite!
Tag Team...back again!
Juice was happy he got his dish and that made the rest of us as happy as can be.
As for me, my favorite is their Loco Moco, but opted for their Local Plate on my most recent visit.
This consisted of their Teri Beef, BBQ Chicken, Two Spam Masubi's, and Mac Salad.
Again, portions are huge but that really didn't stop me from deMELishing this.
Yeah..new word folks.
That means no meal is safe around me.
My only issue, where's the rice?
I ended up stealing a few forkfuls of rice from the girlfriend.
Hah...problem solved.
She didn't even notice because I got catlike ninja skills.
But I did notice that she stole some of my mac salad.
Yeah..I noticed.
Remember, only a ninja can stop a ninja.
PS:  If you can't wait for Market Street Cafe's infamous Oxtail Soup that is served later at night, then head up the escalators and find your way here at Aloha Specialties.
Local Plate:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=BUbGhTrZ5PD50vtwAXx-1g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Local Fork:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=SQXD5PWyjaAl8LqNSV1yZQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Hot and New!!
Well, this EOS isn't too new.
This EOS opened last year and at times, it's pretty hot in here.
I'm not sure if the problem is the ventilation or the amount of gym-goers that pack this place.
This gym can get pretty busy and it's almost impossible to get decent workout during peak hours.
I've been to this location prior to 7 AM and it was perfect.
There's enough cardio equipment, weights, and machines when it's empty.
There's not enough equipment when it's crazy packed.
The Cardio Theater is small and the air is sometimes lacking.
Overall, I'm a fan of EOS, just not this one.
This gym is just okay in my book.
NOTE:  I don't have an opinion on the staff because I never had to deal with them.
I'm in and out.
Oh, that sounds good right now....In-N-Out.
2017 Gym Review #3 / 2017 Yelp Review #17
When it comes to FF burgers, everyone has their preferences.
With me, it comes down to mood, location, convenience, price, and service.
Mood usually dominates my decision.
However, my most recent visit to Fatburger wasn't due to mood.
It was due to convenience and location.
It was late night at the Red Rock Casino.
My choices were very limited, especially since I needed something with no carbs, a high protein count, and quick.
Fatburger was my only choice.
Now it came to decision on what burger was I going to order.
The XXXL is way to big and the Large seemed too small.
I ended up with the XXL.
Since I wasn't eating the bun during this visit, I knew I could handle all of the 16 oz's that the XXL has to offer.
Their burgers are known for their seasoning and a healthy spread of their pickled mustard.
Sometimes their burgers are a bit dry.
That's where the condiments and bun come to play.
Without them, you will really notice how dry their burgers really are.
What sets Fatburger from the rest is what I call their "Breakaway Meat".
The burgers at Fatburger are not compressed/packed patties causing them to break apart in your mouth.
I like it since it's different, the seasoning gets inside the meat better, and you feel the texture of a good burger in your mouth.
What would be perfect is their burger meat on top of rice.
Almost like a Loco Moco minus the egg and gravy.
Bottom line, good burger that hit the spot for what I was looking for last night.
The service was as good as it gets.
My only issue, which is not Fatburger's fault, was that the food court was dirty.
Tons of trash and tables needed to be wiped down.
I ended up eating at their counter because of this.
I didn't have their fries, shakes, and even their bun on last night's visit.
I will be back to eat here the traditional way and update my review.
TIP:
-You get big portions of meat in your burger and you decide what size you want.
S, M, L (8 oz) , XXL (16oz), and XXXL (24 oz).
These Sammies are no sweat-heart!!!
Dear Quiznos,
   It's been over 4 years.
Yes, that long since I've been to a Quiznos.
Driving up and down Lake Mead looking for something for lunch.
If you driven on this road, you know there is a plethora of eats on Lake Mead.
I had my choice of any chicken grill, burger joint, sushi restaurant, Mexican, and even a handful of bookmarks.
But I chose Quiznos.
Why you ask???
My mind was telling me Sammies from Quinoz and my belly was telling me go somewhere better.
I made up my mind and here we are.
Just a heads up, they don't carry Sammies anymore.
They are now just called Flatbread Sandwiches.
Just a name change.
I got their Turkey Sammie, Chicken Sammie, and a bowl of chili.
Decently priced at $5.99 for both Sammies, I was immediately thinking "Score!".
One big difference was the size of the Sammie.
They use to be the size of your fist.
Now they're significantly bigger.
However, bigger didn't necessarily mean that it tasted better.
I don't know if my opinion on food has changed or if it's their quality that changed.
But the chili and both sammies didn't taste that great.
If fact, I felt like I was eating cardboard.
Even though their meats were seasoned and covered with sauce, I only tasted the flatbread.
The chili also tasted like it came out of a can or even worse, a bag.
The food looked good, but looks were definitely deceiving.
Tough for me to ever give a fast food restaurant less than 3 stars or more than 4 stars because it's fast food.
You can't enter a FF Joint expect 5 Star food.
Service is the equalizer.
I admit, service was great.
Just poor food quality.
It's been over 4 years since my last visit to Quiznos.
Now I remember why.
The next time I'm hungry and driving down Lake Mead, I'm going to trust my gut.
Literally!!!
If you love movies, then you'll love watching movies at Galaxy Cannery.
My first visit to Galaxy was a few years ago.
Back then the Galaxy Cannery was just another movie theater inside a casino.
The Galaxy Cannery has stepped up their game since then with comfortable, reclining, and luxury seating.
There's so much space between you and the people behind or in front that you'll almost feel like you're watching a movie at home.
The reserved seating is great too, especially when something new and good is out.
TIP:  They enforce their strict cell phone rule.
Silence is golden!
I remember when the Aliante Scoops first opened up.
They were one of the first to carry Thrifty Ice Cream in Las Vegas.
Now, you can find Thrifty Ice Cream in a lot of places.
But one thing that separates Scoops from the other locations is their old school "Thrifty Only" cylinder scoops.
There's just something about these scoops.
For one, I think it's bigger than a regular scoop.
And two, the marshmallow-shaped scoop brings me back to my childhood.
When I was a little kid, my favorite Thrifty Ice Cream was their Butter Pecan.
My grandfather's favorite was their Pecan Praline and he would try get me to switch so that he could just buy a pint.
Over 30 years later, my favorite is now the Pecan Praline.
Thanks to Scoop, I think my grandpa would be proud.
Like everything else in the world, we have inflation.
A scoop of Thrifty Ice Cream is no longer 35 cents.
A scoop will now set you back a cool $2.49.
You can find all the Thrifty Ice Cream favorites, including Cotton Candy, Mint Chocolate Chip, Mocha Almond Fudge, Animal Cracker, Chocolate Malted Crunch, Butter Pecan, and of course, Pecan Praline.
Where the heck are all the 2, 3, and 4 star reviews?
Can't find them?
You won't because Art of Flavors is definitely some of the best gelato that I've ever had.
Prior to coming in, I expected a lot and got more.
First of all, there's a wide array of flavors to choose from.
You can select an ice cream base or sorbet.
I'm not much of a sorbet fan and opted for their ice cream base gelato.
I had two flavors...peanut butter and hazelnut.
This was the perfect combination for me with the hazelnut on top and peanut butter on the bottom.
Hazelnut:  Creamy and taste is similar to a Ferrero Rocher.
Creamy goodness

Peanut Butter:  I love me some peanut butter.
I go through jars of peanut butter each week.
Some places make it too strong, while some make it with almost no hint of peanut butter.
At Art of Flavors got it right.
I found the taste of their peanut butter more subtle, which mixed well with the hazelnut.
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=64DIwQG1Yl_wDGaoTKE2tQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Obviously, there's more than just flavors like hazelnut and peanut butter.
You can try their samples if you're undecided.
But for me, I know what I'm getting when I come back.
As for service, they are second to none.
We came in about 15 minutes before closing and AOF was still on their game...dealing with multiple gelato craving peeps, handing out samples, detailing their flavors, and even giving us a little history of where they're from.
You'll almost feel like you're the only customer because they make sure that your questions are answered.
PS:  More than just gelato here.
They got some food too.
One item on their menu that I'm curious about is their gelato stuffed panini.
Maybe next time.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (468/500)
I'm a fan of their food, just not a fan of the slow service.
When I first moved out here, Jamms was our go to breakfast/brunch because my boss loved this place.
At the time, we loved it too because we knew that our breakfast or brunch would take at least an hour of our work day.
The wait and the service usually takes awhile.
On my last visit, the wait was better and the our food came out faster.
But it still took a while, in my opinion.
As for their food, there's a big selection of your typical breakfast items.
Price is actually pretty good and taste is not too bad.
My Past Orders:
-Jamms Signature Omelet:  This is the king of all omelets here.
Steak and mushrooms dominate this omelet.
This is all you need because you are definitely stuffed after eating this one.
-Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs:  Actually my favorite dish here.
Their chicken fried steak is tender and the batter is not too heavy.
Portions are huge as well.
-Jamms French Toast:  Their french toast has a different look to them.
I always thought that they were over-cooked, but they're not.
The french toast is crispy on the outside and after it's drenched in syrup, soft in the inside.
My second favorite.
-Steak & Eggs:  I had this on my most recent visit and can only say...stick with your favorites.
The steak had no taste and was a bit too dry.
I felt like I was eating cardboard.
But then again, stick with your favorites when you come here.
Overall, Jamms is just okay.
With all the other breakfast joints in our beautiful city, it's tough to say that Jamms ranks above them all.
But if you're looking for a decent breakfast with a lot of options, Jamms is the way to go.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (056/366)
WICKED!!
That's my usual order when I hit up Which Wich.
Consist of Turkey, Roast Beef, Ham, Pepperoni, and Bacon.
I usually get this in a regular, but have placed a double down on the meat when I'm really fiending for protein.
Simply delicious and will keep you full for at least the next couple of hours.
What sets Which Wich apart from the rest of the so called sandwich shops is the ordering process.
You grab a bag based on the type of sandwich you're going to devour shortly.
The bags are labeled Ham/Pork, Beef, Chicken, Seafood, Vegetarian, Italian, Comfort, Classics, Breakfast, and The Wicked.
Prices are $5.75 for a 7", $7.25 for a 10.5", and $9.25 for their 14".
On the bag is your dream come true check off list.
Here is where YOU choose the type bread you want, condiments, extras, cold/hot, etc.
You go in line, hand them your completed checklist, pay, and then they stick your bag on a clip/wire (Hooters Style).
Sandwich is completed and it's put inside the bag you just filled out.
Simple and it actually keeps the lines down.
Food is fresh here.
So, if your sandwich is worse than par, it's really your fault because you technically created your own sandwich.
My only issue with their sandwiches is the bread.
Their bread is a bit thick or bready if that makes any sense.
I keep on forgetting, but need to find out if the option for "Skinny my Wich" means a lighter bread.
Service is hit or miss.
I've had excellent service and most recently witnessed some bad service.
The cashier was having register issues and taking it out on the rest of the team.
My thoughts?...Which Witch!!!
This is not something that will keep me away.
Everyone is entitled to a bad day every once in a while.
TIP:  Restaurant is little cramped and during the summer the windows work like magnifier glasses which burn you up.
Eat Outside = Problem Solved.
Still one of my favorite casinos to hit on the strip.
When I have friends or family in town, I usually take them here.
Why?
1.
Good table games.
When I say good, I mean lower limits even on the weekends.
Every table also has some dancers keeping you entertained while you lose your money.
2.
Poker Room:  Tough to call it a poker room since it's not really blocked off.
It's more like a bunch of poker tables in the middle of the casino.
Regardless, some fun and good games here, especially on the weekends.
3.
Miracle Mile = Shopping Experience and Restaurants Galore

4.
Bars, especially the Heart Bar, always has a great mix of people and a decent range of music.
5.
Goretorium (New)

6.
Rooms:  I've only seen the rooms, haven't slept over-night in them.
But still good enough.
Nothing too impressive though.
My only issue is parking, but it's no different than any other strip hotel and casino.
You can always valet, but they usually require that you are staying at the hotel if it's busy.
Not usually an issue because they've valet for me most of the time, even if I'm not a hotel guest.
Great Sliders!!!
A lot of people like to compare Shake Shack to In-N-Out.
They are not the same thing.
Plus, it wouldn't be fair to Shake Shack to compare them to an In-N-Out.
Overall, I don't think Shake Shack's baby burgers are bad at all.
I have a lot more pros than cons.
Pros:
-Conveniently located in Downtown Summerlin
-Parking is great.
You have the whole mall to find parking.
-The weather is nice in Summerlin.
-Located close to Red Rock
-Their burgers are so cute and tiny.
-Shake Shack's Double Shack is one of the better sliders I've had in a long time.
-Lower in calorie because you don't get much
-Their burgers won't ruin dinner.
You'll be ready to eat again about 30 minutes.
-Takes about 2 minutes to finish a burger here.
This means people are in and out.
A lot of seating.
-Love the crinkle fries
-Two burgers, fries, and a drinks is less than $100.
More like $40.
Cons:
-You have to wait for your meal in order to get your drinks.
-Takes a while for this "fast food" joint to cook your food.
-Their Double Shack, at over $8, is a really expensive slider.
As good as it gets for a Home Depot!!!
I felt obligated to review this Home Depot because I'm their temporary Duke.
You're either a Lowes or Home Depot fan.
I'm both, but this Home Depot takes the cake.
I live close to this location, but even if I lived in Henderson, I'd probably drive out here for this Home Depot.
Why?
?, because this place is dead, not a soul in sight.
I'm so use to the California locations that are so busy that you're fighting for parking, waiting in long lines, and dodging forklifts every corner.
I'm usually armed with a list by the time I walk into Home Depot.
And with this location, I am in and out.
Service: 
I've come here for a quick key copy, sink replacement, curtains, lights, tools, and even rented a ladder.
I also returned a bunch of buyer's remorse items and never an issue or question about my return.
Service is great here!!!
There are a couple of issues with a store that's so empty;
1.
My concern is that there's not enough business that they would close.
2.
No customers also means less employees.
If you are lost in Depot, you have to search for someone in an orange vest.
3.
No business also means no hot dogs stand outside.
If you ever had Depot's hot dogs, they're pretty good.
Dare I say it, better than Pink's.
What goes up, must come down.
I really love the hike up to the peak.
It's the hike down that I hate.
The total hike round trip is a little over 4 miles and took us a little less than 2 1/2 hours.
This hike is very strenuous, all uphill to the peak, and we were fortunate to have shade from the surrounding mountains.
The trail is well-marked.
The terrain is very slippery dirt, loose gravel, and rocks.
The hike up is strenuous, but wasn't too hard since it's only about an hour to accomplish.
The hike down is very dangerous and it's really easy to lose your footing if you're not paying attention.
I'm a fan of this hike, but I do not see myself doing it again any time soon.
Besides, we have a lot of other steep hikes in Vegas.
It's a good workout to the top.
Enjoy!!!
Have Fun!!!
My Garmin GPS Stats:
-2.17 miles to the top.
Took us 68 minutes.
-Took us 72 minutes to hike down.
-5666 steps to the top from the trailhead.
-6544 steps from the top back to the trailhead.
878 more steps on the way down.
TIP #1:  Bring a good pair of hike shoes/boots.
Traction and support is required.
TIP #2:  Bring enough hydration and snacks for fuel.
Do not litter, folks.
I will find you.
TIP #3:  Do not let the steepness of the trail discourage you.
The trail looks a lot steeper than it actually is.
TIP #4:  The parking lot and trailhead address on Yelp is right on.
Look for the metal gate (see pics).
TIP #5:  Views include the entire valley and the strip.
Babystacks Cafe - Henderson (2017 Yelp Review #236)

I've been a fan of Babystacks since the day I moved here.
Babystacks is very popular, especially during the weekends.
So, expect about 30 minute wait to be seated.
Their known for their specialty pancakes, including their red velvet.
It's been a long time since I've had their pancakes, but I remember them to be fluffy and awesome.
Besides their pancakes, I recommend the Portuguese Sausage, the Loco Moco, and the Adobo Fried Rice.
In my opinion, Babystacks serves the best Portuguese Sausage in town.
Prices for everything on their menu is better than average and the service is always spot on.
Review Update!!!
It's a very sad day for me.
I just found out that this gym is closing its doors on January 13, 2017.
This gym had all the old school equipment that I love and it was never packed.
I will definitely be heading here for one last workout.
I have one final message for this 24 Hour Fitness....
Giving all the love I feel for you,
Couldn't make you change your point of view.
You're leavin'
Now I'm sittin' here, wastin' my time.
I just don't know what I should do.
It's a tragedy for me to see this gym is over.
And I never will forget the day we met,
Gym, I'm gonna miss you.
-Melli Vanilli
White Rock Loop - Red Rock Canyon National Conservation (2017 Yelp Review #238)

White Rock Loop is a very popular hike in Red Rock.
That being said, I recommend that you get here before 8:00 AM to snag a good parking spot.
The entire loop is a little over 6 miles and well-marked.
The trail will take your through the Red Rock Wash.
However, even though the trail is well-marked, it's still easy to get lost on this trail.
Overall, the hike is pretty easy, can be completed in a couple of hours, and there's even a few spots with shade.
Happy Hiking!!
Happy Food, Happy Dude!
That should be everybody's motto.
I'm one happy dude when I'm served good food with great service.
It's no secret.
Mr. Mamas is a very popular spot in Las Vegas for breakfast.
There's usually a wait because the whole town loves this place.
Mr. Mamas is not just a local favorite, tourist and travelers come here too.
You'll even count the amount of cars with California, Arizona, and Utah license plates in the parking lot.
The Manager stated that over 65% of their customers during the weekend come from California.
That's amazing considering that Mr. Mamas is not even on the strip.
I first experienced Mr. Mamas a couple of years ago and what sticks out the most is their excellent customer service.
Based on the Yelp reviews, I'm not the only person that mentions the A++ service here.
There hasn't been one time, not one, when I ever touched the door.
Someone from Mr. Mamas, usually the Manager Shawn, opens the door as I walk in and walk out.
Shawn leads by example and his enthusiasm towards his customers is also duplicated by the employees here.
It's guaranteed at Mr. Mamas that you will be welcomed on the way in, checked on during your meal, and greeted on the way out.
And if you're getting coffee, don't worry about staying caffeinated.
They are like ninjas here and will top off your cup without you even noticing.
Ordering is simple and fast.
Getting your food is even faster.
But don't let their speediness discourage you from staying and chilling out.
Mr. Mamas encourages you to enjoy your meal at your pace and will never rush you.
I really can't say enough about the customer service at Mr. Mamas.
Their commitment to their guest is as good as it gets.
As for the food, I don't get too creative when I have breakfast.
I'll usually stick to their eggs, bacon, toast, more eggs, and maybe a breakfast steak.
Every once in a while, I'll get their oatmeal or a short stack when my body craves it.
By the way, their hash browns extra crispy is dangerously good.
Bottom line, the food has always been awesome.
When the service is great, the food tends to taste even better.
Overall, I know what I'm going to get when it comes to Mr. Mamas and that's a good All-American breakfast with a side of excellent customer service.
Thank You!
2017 Yelp Review #60
I know that the name, ownership, and upper Management has changed 3 years ago.
But this gym is Gold's Gym to me.
I'm not here too often only because it's a madhouse between 5 PM to 10 PM.
The parking sucks too.
I love the free-weights, specifically the plates, at this location.
The weights are round, not octagonal, and not plastic/rubber coated.
I hate the octagonal plates that some of the other gyms have.
These are the worse for deadlifts due to the rebound.
The sound that two 45 lb.
plates make when you're squatting, benching, rowing, and deadlifting is just music to my ears.
Sorry to get all bro on you, but I just love it.
The rest of the gym is okay.
There's plenty of cardio equipment and a lot of the old school Hammer machines.
Like I stated earlier, this gym is busy.
So, if supersets and giant sets is your thing, then good luck.
Other than that, I am still a fan of this gym and would be here a lot more if it was closer to home and less crowded.
2017 Gym Review #6 / Yelp Review #125
How do I even give a Starbucks less than 4 stars??
What's wrong with me, right?
It's not the staff's fault, they are actually pretty good and I always wonder how a coffee artist at a Starbucks deals with all of us grouchy customers before we had our first cup.
It's not the actual establishment.
It's always clean and there's always someone keeping it clean.
It's a small Starbucks.
I think my garage is even bigger.
My issue with this specific Starbucks is that it's always a long wait in the morning.
I know it has to do with location because the IN-N-Out a block away is also the longest wait as well.
Both the drive through and inside service takes at least 15 minutes, sometimes longer.
I think I'll stick to my Starbucks inside Smith's.
No drive thru, but at least I'm in and out.
By the way...anyone ever notice that most people in line in the morning have this pissed off look.
I hate my life, I hate mornings look.
Then they get their coffee and it's how you doing and have a nice day.
Yes, that's me too.
I recently signed up with Gold's and have already found my 3 gyms that I have already became a regular at.
But that doesn't mean I won't drive around town checking the other Gold's out.
I decided to give this gym a try since it is fairly close to home.
I was immediately disappointed with just the size of this gym.
My second impression, this gym is stuffy and lacking ventilation.
I came in on a Saturday night and there was about 10 other gym goers doing their thing.
This gym is so small that even with less than 15 of us in the gym, it felt crowded.
This gym is lacking a lot from equipment to free-weights.
There's only one of everything here which means you have to wait just to get on a bench.
I just can't imagine what it's like on Monday around 5 PM.
Cardio is located upstairs and the ventilation is even worse.
You almost feel like you're doing cardio in an attic up there.
The gym tried fixing this issue by placing a few commercial fans up there, but it's not enough.
Perhaps this could be perfect for someone wanting to burn a ton of calories during cardio since it feels like it's over 100 degrees up there.
I'm glad I gave this place a try.
Now I know that this is one of those Gold's that I plan on avoiding in the future.
Still giving them 3 stars because it is a gym and I still managed to get a great workout.
Terri R had one day left to take care of her Groupon for Firkin On Paradise.
So, this is where we ended up for dinner.
I admit, I had this bookmarked a couple of months ago and ended up dropping it off my list due to just the average reviews.
But when a meal is basically going to be free, it really doesn't hurt to try.
We came in on a Friday night and this place was surprisingly not busy.
Considering it's fairly close to the strip and near the Hard Rock, I expected more people.
We were seated right away and even though the service was good, our waiter must have been a newbie because there was a lot that he didn't know and had to ask for assistance.
I didn't have an issue with this so I will leave service with just good.
As for their food, all I can really say is it's just a pub with pub type food.
Nothing really on the menu caught my eye, but the prices weren't bad so I'm not complaining.
Besides, the meal was pre-paid via Terri's Groupon.
Still Lenting, I had their Seamus' Crispy Fish Sandwich and a bowl of Clam Chowder.
The chowder didn't wow me.
It tasted like your basic Campbell's Soup chowder.
As for their fish sandwich, it's basically one piece of a battered fried fish put inside a bun.
I was starving so I ended up eating the whole thing.
It's not bad, especially for the price.
I just don't see myself going out of my way to eat here.
If you're coming to Firkin On Paradise, keep in mind that this is a pub first, restaurant second.
In other words, come here to hang out and get your drink on.
By the way, I still would consider Steiner's food over Firkin on Paradise.
I still prefer my In-N-Out, which is closer to home.
I'm at this location at least once a month normally around lunch time.
This location is conveniently located off Sunset right off the freeway.
Entrance to this In-N-Out can be a challenge if you miss the left turn from Marks right before the Red Lobster.
I'm not the only fan of this In-N-Out.
The drive thru lines can get a little long at times, but I have yet to have wait longer than 10 minutes for my food.
I love the staff here.
I've been here so many times in the last two months that the staff is beginning to recognize me.
My order is simple...2 Flying Dutchman's, 2 waters, 1 spread, and 1 fork.
In-N-Out is still my go-to fast food burger.
See you soon!!
2017 In-N-Out Review #2 / 2017 Yelp Review #19
In-N-Out Burger - Las Vegas, NV (Nellis & Charleston)

I really won't go out of my way to eat at an In-N-Out.
I don't have to.
Regardless where I'm at in Las Vegas, there's an In-N-Out within 5 miles.
But I did go out of my way to hit up this location.
Why?
Well, this is the only In-N-Out in Las Vegas that I have yet to eat at until now.
In-N-Out Nellis/Charleston is no joke.
Just driving to the location is an adventure.
If you're familiar with the area, then you know that a lot goes down in this area at night.
A lot of activity even happens during the day.
There's also a lot of construction and traffic on the way here.
So, don't expect a quick and painless trip to this In-N-Out.
Like most of the locations out here, this one is busy.
The drive-thru line is long and it's packed inside.
I kept my meal really simple.
I got two Flying Dutchman's and two cups of water.
A Flying Dutchman is two patties and two slices of cheese.
A Dutchman doesn't a bun, lettuce, or tomatoes.
This is Keto all the way with high protein and crazy high fat.
I eat this meal a lot and wasn't too impressed with what I got.
Both Dutchman's were smaller than normal and on the dry side.
This has never happened to me at an In-N-Out.
Oh well, I only came here because I haven't been here before.
I'm still a fan.
I'm just not a huge fan of this location.
By the way, this In-N-Out has a great view of French Mountain and Sunrise Mountain.
Bookmark Checked!!!
I use to go to this gym between 4-6 times per week, but moved.
Read some of the reviews and it's par to my experience.
Some days it's clean and some times it isn't.
Yes, usually at least two cardio machines are broke, but there's plenty to jump on.
Pretty busy on the typical days (ie Saturdays, Monday and Tuesday).
At least in this gym, people rack their weights.
Pros:
-Plenty of cardio equipment
-Not busy at night
-Staff

Cons:
-Only one power rack and smith machine.
-Not enough free weights
-Too many machines
I've never been a huge fan of Chipotle, but you do what you have to do when you're pressed for time, looking for some quick proteins, and don't feel like cooking.
First of all, this parking lot is crazy.
There's no sense trying to park close to the restaurant.
I suggest parking close to Jamba Juice to avoid the linger drivers and the ones not paying attention.
As for the restaurant itself, it's clean and they're busy too.
Weekdays during lunch time is usually packed with a line that wraps around.
But due to their assembly line process, the line goes fairly quick.
Chipotle is known for their stacked burritos, their meats with no hormones, and tasty brown rice.
What got me going to Chipotle recently is simple...side chicken and side steak to go.
According to Chipotle, a scoop is 4 ounces in case you measure your food.
I've come here and ordered as much as 10 scoops of this stuff.
Yes, that's 40 ounces of chicken or steak.
The employees are cool about it, even though they usually have to cook a new batch just for me.
Overall, can't complain about this Chipotle.
Their busy, but quick.
They're always accommodating too.
TIP:  
-Ask for heaping scoop of steak or chicken.
They usually hook it up for me.
Sure doesn't hurt to ask.
-The chicken or steak isn't totally clean eating.
Each 4 oz serving has additional 70 calories and 1 gram of carbs due to the seasoning.
I'll usually wash this stuff off the steak and chicken.
Yes, I wash the taste away.
But I'm also eliminating about 70% of the bad stuff too.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (413/500)
Really hate to drop my review, but my most recent visit warranted it.
Let's start off by stating that I am Niner Faithful.
Came out to a few games last year and enjoyed the ambiance.
Nothing but red, nothing but the Niner Empire, and nothing but fans like me.
Always enjoyed the food, the drinks, and the camaraderie with fellow Faithfuls.
However, I have to drop by review rate just based on the size of this location.
If you're not early enough, you'll have nowhere to sit.
And when you have nowhere to sit, good luck on getting anything to eat.
Drinks won't be a problem, but grub will.
I also quit smoking about 3 months ago and never noticed how bad this place reeked of smoke.
until now.
Yes, you will smell like an ashtray coming out of here.
Wish this place was a little bigger or at least aired better.
Love the staff, love the fans, and like the food.
But it's tough for me to make this my Niner spot when I get a headache from all the smoke.
Ben & Jerry's - Henderson, NV (The District)

It's been years since I stepped foot inside a Ben & Jerry's.
And prior to this visit, I couldn't even tell you where a Ben & Jerry's was located at.
You can sometimes get Ben & Jerry's at the grocery store.
Most of them sell pints of their popular flavors.
But it's not the same.
We came here on a Sunday night in hopes to try the Bob Marley inspired One Love Ice Cream (banana ice cream, caramel, graham cracker swirls, & a fudge peace sign).
This location didn't have it.
So, we opted for Plan B. I was curious about their non-dairy flavors and sampled them all.
I chose their PB & Cookies Non-Dairy/Vegan Ice Cream in a kid's cup.
This is basically a cookies n' cream ice cream with chunks of peanut butter, pieces of Oreo cookies, and zero dairy.
Taste wise, it's okay and had a little aftertaste to it.
I'm sure that their dairy version is a lot better.
As for price, Ben & Jerry's isn't cheap.
A kids cup and a small cone cost around $10.
The staff was very patient and even though a line was forming, they still gave me at least 5 samples.
Picking the right flavor can be a very difficult task and it's very important for me that I'm happy with my choice.
I'm so glad that I didn't get pressured to make a decision.
Good job!
Happy Birthday, Tita Shirley B!!
For now on when I think of Juan's Flaming Fajitas, I going to think about Shirley B's Birthday celebration.
It was Shirley's pick to come here.
And when people asked her why Juan's for her birthday, her response was "because it's MY birthday".
I agree with your choice, Tita.
Juan's was a great dinner.
One thing I love about fajitas in general is that you can chose to make it a high calorie meal or a low calorie meal.
It really all depends how many fajitas you plan on demolishing and what you put in it.
But Juan's is more than just their infamous flaming fajitas, right?
Sure it is.
At Juan's there's a huge selection of Mexican dishes and by the looks at everyone's orders around the restaurant, the dishes are definitely hooked up.
Review their menu...you got burrito options, taco concoctions, salads, nachos, ensaladas, soups, chimichangas, and of course, fajitas.
But before I even talk about their main dishes, I have to mention their bottomless tortilla chips.
My goodness, it should be a crime that these are bottomless.
The chips didn't even have a chance.
After multiple chip refills (i.e.
9 basket of chips), I came to the conclusion that their tortilla chips are addicting.
I swear, they should rename this place to Juan's Flaming Fajitas and Tortilla Chips.
Just saying.
Everyone on our table, with the exception of Chad S and Mr B (aka Shirley's husband), got the fajitas.
I didn't try Chad's Carne Asada Burrito, but was able to sample some of Mr. B's Steak Taquitos.
The taquitos are bigger than most.
It's was more like a mini-chimichanga if you ask me.
Terri and I shared the steak & chicken fajita combo (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=l3lS7rPzGYQukY10aqTMSQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ).
This is huge, feeds two, and was served flaming.
Yup...this was one good dish.
Both the steaks and chicken were seasoned, properly cooked, tender, and fresh.
Hard for me to describe, but their fajitas is pretty much as good as it gets.
As for their service, I thought that it was pretty good considering how busy the place was.
The restaurant is decently sized with the bar on one side and the main dining area in another.
Both had one thing in common...tons of TV's from every angle.
Yeah buddy!!
Not missing sports at this restaurant.
Our server was Juan.
No joke.
We had Juan, not THE Juan, you know the one.
He was great and treated us like we were his only customers.
It's like Juan on One.
Hah!
All joking aside, Juan was great.
By the way, there's 3 other Juan's working here too.
I bet you can't find that anywhere.
I wonder if I go to Mel's Diner would I find 3 other Mel's.
I bet not.
Juan's allowed us to take our own desert, which consisted of Hello Kitty cupcakes and an Niner/Hello Kitty Birthday Cake.
All for Shirley B.  Juan and the staff at Juan's brought the deserts to our table while singing Happy Happy Birthday to Shirley B.
Overall...fajitas and a lot of sugar with friends equals a great time.
Happy Birthday, Shirley B!
Go Niners!!!
PS:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=nf8fxHNYMolClFYLYU3yQg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Eating out is awesome.
Eating out at Wendy's Noodle Cafe is awesomer.
3 pieces of their Rib Eye Bao Burger, 5 pieces of their Grilled Beef Short Ribs, Great Service...Wendy's Noodle Cafe Go Boom!!!
There's so much on the menu that you really have no excuse but to come back.
At Wendy's, you have a gang of choices from Starters, Noodles, Rice Plates, and even some East Meets West dishes.
Their grilled beef short ribs was good, but I loved me some Rib Eye Bao Burger.
You get 3 with your order and if you're eating with me, I warn you that I exercise portion control.
That means I control all the portions.
Sorry Terri R., I just realized I didn't offer you any.
30 minutes into dinner, Christina W. (aka the Duchess of Wendy's) sent me a super lag tip to try their fried chicken wings, fried bread, and Tom Yum fried rice.
My meal was so delicious and filling that I didn't have any regrets that I missed out on Christina's tip.
But looks like I'll be back because if it's good enough for the Duchess, then it's good enough for me.
Wendy's Noodle Cafe is legit.
I'm quarter Chinese and the meats that I had reminded me of what you can get in Chinatown SF or at my very own family parties.
My reason for ever going into Main Street Station is for Triple 7 Brewery.
This restaurant has a pretty good mix of food.
I think the quality is good for the price and the place never disappoints.
As for this casino/hotel, I don't think it's any different than most of the older casinos/hotels in the Fremont area.
But I do get this haunted vibe here.
I don't know if it's because of all the antiques, the Victorian style lobby, or the Haunted Mansion style hallways.
There's a bit of a creepiness feel here.
Every been to the Winchester House in San Jose?
Or the Whaley House in San Diego?
Not trying to start any rumors or urban legends, but this place reminds me of all of those.
Here's one very important reminder about Holstein's...

Holstein's is located on the strip inside the Cosmo.
What does that mean?
It means that you'll probably have to wait a bit to be seated, a meal here is going to cost a grip, and you may be surrounded by that "Vegas Baby" crowd.
It would be very easy to hate on Holstein's.
But I understand what to expect on the strip in regards to the wait times and prices.
Besides, no one forced me to come here.
All that being said, the burgers here are pretty good and only quality beef is served here.
I got the Gold Standard on my first visit and amazed with the thickness, the juiciness, and taste.
It's basically a quality steak in a bun.
I recently got the Nom Nom Burger and it was good too, but lacked the thickness/size of the Gold Standard.
One things for sure, I'll be having the Gold Standard the next time I come back.
I can't even tell you how good or bad the desserts are because I don't have a sweet tooth and honestly, I just don't remember.
But I suggest that you try them because Holstein's is also known for their desserts.
2017 Yelp Review #53
400th Review of 2013!!!
What is FST?
To some, it's Fascia Stretch Training.
At least, that's what I thought.
At Hurt Less Play More, it's Fascia Stretch Therapy.
I recommend Hurt Less Play More to everyone of all ages looking for chiropractic care, anyone looking to increase flexibility, relieve pain, and even grow some muscle.
The fascia is a thin tissue that surrounds our muscles.
I'm a firm believer that when you workout and breakdown your muscles, they can grow stronger with the right amount of rest and nutrients.
I am also a firm believer that when you breakdown your muscle through workouts, a healthy and stretched fascia will lead to bigger muscles.
I didn't see muscle gains until I started putting some focus on my fascia.
That being said, I'm even a bigger fan of fascia stretch therapy for flexibility or to prevent injury.
I'm not currently nursing any injuries, but still got the best of both worlds after my most recent visit here at Hurt Less Play More.
I've been working out hard lately and a professional fascia stretch was highly needed to prevent injury and promote muscle recovery.
After my visit, I had more energy in my legs and couldn't wait to dominate the gym again.
Hurt Less Play More in Las Vegas is ran by John Vigil aka  the Stretch Doctor.
John has clients all over Vegas and knows his stuff (yes, he's certified).
The process is simple..contact him, set up an appointment, complete the new patient forms, and get stretched out.
John is very professional, will inform you ahead of time on what he's doing and what he's working on, and can hold a conversation.
FST rates are $70 for 30 minutes or $105 for an hour.
Sweet deal in my opinion.
I felt so good after and can't wait until my next visit.
Overall, I'm a huge fan of Hurt Less Play More.
You don't have to be injured to get treatment.
Even though he specializes in athletes, you don't have to be one to get treatment.
I recommend and suggest that you give John a try.
He'll stretch you out, increase your flexibility, prevent injuries, and may even help you with muscle growth.
Yeah Buddy!!!
PS: John is also certified in TRX Suspension Training.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (400/500)
Melle Mel and the Funky Bunch in da house!!
Eat big to get big!!
Pain and Gain!!
Wahlburgers is the new kid on the block when it comes to burgers in Las Vegas.
Unlike other Yelpers or The Other Guys that tried this place, I thought that my burger was pretty good.
I didn't order straight from the menu because nothing really appealed to me.
I had this Sixth Sense that I wasn't going to be impressed.
So, I opted to build my own burger, which consisted of a 1/2 lb burger patty, one 5 oz grilled chicken breast, and a fried egg.
Yes, I did.
This is The Happening.
This burger was huge and big enough to feed a King, maybe even Three Kings.
Taste wise, I was not disappointed.
The chicken was tender, the meat was flavorful not greasy, and the egg gave it that Midas touch.
Combining all three of my favorite protein sources together made for a Perfect Storm.
Although I enjoyed my burger, the food at Wahlburgers is not Invincible.
I also tried their Bacon Mac N' Cheese and the Tater Tots.
The bacon mac was just okay and the tater tots needed a little more work in the deep fryer.
We obviously didn't finish the tots and left a couple of Lone Survivors.
Terri R. and Ty W. got their standard 1/3 lb burger while Lore D. got a delicious looking patty melt.
I could tell that everyone in our group was satisfied with their burgers.
I could feel the Good Vibrations.
The wait can be an issue, especially since Wahlburgers is located off the strip.
We waited outside for close to 30 minutes for our table in 110 degree weather.
I wish that the restaurant had a Transformer outside so that they could at least plug in a cool zone for us.
Yes, it was hot and seemed even warmer inside because the restaurant is one big green house.
Price is one of the biggest drawbacks.
The cost for a burger is around $8 and my creation was over $12.
Besides the wait and the prices, the service was great.
Our server was very attentive and Management even checked on us a few times.
Free Refills?
Yes!
Free stickers for the younglings?
Double Yes!!
We decided against dessert and Departed after we paid our bill.
Bottom Line...I originally came here expecting the worse, but left satisfied with both the burgers and the service.
Peace!!!
2016 Yelp Review #42
Just okay for now...
Restaurant, Ambiance, and Location:  4 Stars
Service:  More like 2.5 Stars, but I will round up to 3.
Food Selection / Taste:  3 Stars 
Price:  3 Stars ($50 for a two salads and two meals)

We arrived for a quick dinner before a show.
My only knowledge of the Blind Pig was from other Yelpers check-in's.
My experience wasn't tainted because I haven't read any of the reviews.
In other words, I came here "blind".
Service was a little less than average, but it's all about the food and drinks, right?
I got the BP Burger and requested it to be prepared medium-well.
I took a bite and realized it was more medium than medium-well.
I didn't complain because the burger was actually pretty good.
Complimenting my burger was a ton of sweet potato fries that were just okay.
I also got to taste my gf's Shrimp & Lobster Mac.
I could tell just by looking at the Mac that it was lacking a little taste.
In my opinion, their Shrimp & Lobster Mac can use a little more shrimp, lobster, cheese, and mac.
Overall, I wouldn't say I'm a huge fan of the Blind Pig.
Ambiance is cool, their burger is pretty good, the service can be better, and the shrimp & lobster mac can use some work.
For now, they are just okay.
Mama Pop taste in the middle of a shopping mall.
Doesn't get any better than this!!
With tons of eats in Miracle Mile and even inside Planet Hollywood, I'm amazed on how often my food choice out here comes down to D' Amore's Famous Pizza.
Let's get somethings straight, I don't eat pizza often.
And when I do, I am often disappointed.
D' Amore's has been there for me, especially past midnight when almost everything in here is closed.
Staff is amazing.
Not one Associate ever forgets to greet you.
You can tell that at this establishment customer service is their priority.
Now for their pizza.
Some people have their preferences like Chicago deep dish or NY style thin crust.
I am a deep dish fan myself, but find D'Amore's thin crust a great change of pace.
Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, Domino's, and the rest of the commercialized joints don't even compare.
The pizza is greasy like it should be, but you can still taste all the ingredients.
Never too saucy, which is my preference.
After a few bites, you'll forget that you're even in a mall.
You'll feel like you're in that Mama Pop hole in the wall type pizzeria.
That's how it should be.
Whether it's a long day shopping the mall, partying with friends at the bar or losing a grip at Planet Hollywood, I at least know that I have one consistent...a stop at D' Amore's before I head home.
I had a good time with my daughter here.
She's 13 and only knew some of the figures.
Me, on the other hand, knew them all.
Took plenty of pictures and some even came out so realistic that friends actually thought we met these celebrities.
I recommend this place.
It's a change from your typical Vegas scene.
Price: I have nothing to compare it to since this is my first and only wax museum that I've been too.
I wish I took advantage of the online deals.
But was able to take advantage of the local discount
$2 games Sunday through Thursday after 9 PM!!!
Santa Fe Station Bowling Center is one of the least busy bowling alleys in town, especially if you compare them to South Point and the Orleans.
Games are inexpensive, usually by the hour during the day and per game at night.
I'm not a pro, so the quality and consistency of the lanes isn't a big deal to me.
I wouldn't know the difference any way.
At night is when Cosmic Bowling and the fun starts.
This is when they dim the main lights, turn on the neon, and bump the music.
I'm also a lot better when no one can see me bowl.
If I had one issue it's the selection of their bowling balls.
Either the ball is too light, too heavy, or my fingers don't fit well.
I fixed this issue by getting my own ball.
Lookout PBA!
Mel C is going to turn this mutha out!
Who says that Cheesecake Factory has to be busy with long waits?
Who says you can't find something somewhat healthy at a Cheesecake Factory?
Nutrition wise, I've been trying to clean it up for the last 10+ weeks.
Sometimes eating meals prepped at home can be a bit of a grind.
So, it's good to eat out every once in awhile to break up the monotony.
I recently met up with the gf and a friend for lunch here.
I discovered their Skinnylicious menu a couple of months ago, so I knew I'd find something clean.
Just a reminder, this is a Cheesecake Factory and that means big portions.
Their Skinnylicious menu is no different.
You can get a range from salmon, turkey, lean steak, and chicken off their healthier side of the menu.
But don't expect super low calories due to the portion size.
My advice, split your meal.
But for me, I'm going to be all I can be and eat all I can eat...in moderation that is.
If you do that, then expect a calorie range between 490-590.
Still...this isn't too bad.
Like the rest of the Cheesecake Factories out there, there's always something for everyone.
Since I've only had something off their Skinnylicious menu at this location, I am not able to comment on the rest of their food.
I have been to other Cheesecake Factories and pretty much tried everything.
I have never been disappointed.
Service was great here and ironically, we didn't have to wait too long to be seated and served.
I'll most definitely be back.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (417/500)
I'm no Ramen pro by any means.
In fact, I've only had Ramen a handful of times elsewhere and was told that real Ramen is only found in Chinatown.
So, here we go.
I originally thought that I haven't been here before.
It wasn't until I looked at their menu and used their restroom that I realized I have been here before.
My previous experience was before I started Yelping and don't remember anything negative.
So, I will consider this my first visit.
Met here with a couple of Yelp friends (Terri R. Chad S. and Nelson S.).
Also met up with some new friends that Terri R. originally invited here.
My first thought before I dive into my Ramen taste test...I better ask a pro.
So naturally, I seeked out the advice from fellow Yelper Tetsuro P.  Tetsuro didn't hesitate and was willing to give me suggestions.
He, along with another Yelper Angela T, suggested that I stick with just their Miso and avoid their Shoyu and Shio.
I took his suggestions and I wasn't disappointed.
I ended up ordering a large Ramen Miso (minus the meat), added seaweed, and two extra eggs.
Only reason for the extra eggs was to compensate for the meat/protein that I had taken out.
I got their large and even though it was ginormous, I was still able to finish it because it was so good.
The Ramen itself went down smooth and also had a soft or creamy texture to it.
I think this may be due to the miso broth.
I didn't need to add anything else to my Ramen because I felt that it tasted good as is.
Service at this joint was at point.
There was a total of 7 of us and we all came in different times.
Because of this, our orders were not taken until all of us were present.
Overall, I think 4 stars is fair only because I really don't have anyone to compare to.
After my Yelp Check In, a gang of other Yelpers gave me suggestions on what to order and where else I should go.
I thank you all, especially to Tetsuro P. for his detailed suggestions.
Disclaimer Alert...This review is strictly for their service, Shanghai Lumpia, and Halo-Halo.
That being said, I found Baba's to be 4 stars in my book.
First of all, service here is great.
I didn't get the owners names, but they treated us like family.
One of the owners reminded me of my mom and couldn't help do what us sons of a Filipino moms do, that's joke with them a little.
She was game and did the same.
As for their food, we didn't get to try much because they were out of almost everything.
Baba's on our visit was catering 3 parties at the time.
With only one person cooking in the back, this meant they were out of Chicken BBQ, Turon, and Chicken Adobo to name a few.
But they still had their Halo-Halo and Shanghai Lumpia, which are my favorite Flip dishes.
As a Halo-Halo Hunter, I found that Baba's had pretty much everything I look for in Halo-Halo (i.e.
Ube ice cream, legit ube, flan, white beans, and nata de coco).
One thing that was missing was red bean.
It was still good and found Baba's Halo-Halo up there with the challengers around town.
Note to self...bring some red bean to make it perfect.
As for their Shanghai Lumpia, I thought that they were as good as it gets.
No one makes them better than my Auntie Heidi, but Baba's is pretty damn close.
I'm not saying I'm a Lumpia Hunter, but I am a Lumpia Whisperer.
Whispers..if they make them, I will come.
Come to eat Shanghai Lumpia that is.
Overall, I can see myself coming back.
This place is no secret.
Tons of regulars coming in and phoning in is proof that Baba's is some people's go-to Pinoy spot.
You don't have to be a Halo-Halo Hunter or even a Lumpia Whisperer to eat here.
You just have to be a fan of Filipino food served by great business owners.
TIP:  Call ahead or pick up their menu.
Some items are served on specific days.
Shanghia Lumpia is all the time!!
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (466/500)
Blaze Fast Fire'd has become my favorite "Build Your Own" pizzeria.
I'm here so much that you can call BFF my new BFF.
And based on the lines that you'll find here, everyone else is a fan too.
Your options are almost endless.
Want to keep it simple?
Then go for their Simple Pie ($5.25), which is just mozzarella, Parmesan, and red sauce.
Too boring for you?
How about their 1 topping pizza ($6.45)?
You can't decide for yourself?
Then go with one their Signature Pizzas or a Build Your Own for just $7.95.
I usually choose to build my own and take full advantage of their limitless toppings.
My pizza masterpiece consist of just a regular crust, white sauce, no cheese, triple serving of chicken, mushrooms, roasted garlic, and olives.
My opinion...it's the best pizza that I have ever created.
Obviously, I'm a fan and will be back.
TIP: Download the app and order your pizza ahead of time.
You are welcome.
FedEx Office Print & Ship Center 

This FedEx Office is a lot smaller than the other locations around town and not as busy.
That being said, I will hit up this FedEx Office whenever I'm in a rush and just want to ship a few packages out.
This location doesn't have as many copiers, computers, and supplies as the other locations.
Also keep in mind that this location doesn't have a huge staff.
What makes this FedEx convenient for me is the location and it's not a madhouse.
I can usually walk in, ship my packages, and walk out in less than 10 minutes.
The staff is great too.
There's two sides to Boca Park.
You have what I call the Charleston side and Tivoli Village side.
That's how I describe a location of a place when I'm meeting someone out here.
The Tivoli side houses the best of the best..REI, Cheesecake Factory, Kona, Embers, and Sambalatte.
You'll find a busy parking lot and even busier establishments.
Smack in the middle of these establishments is Sambalatte.
You can't miss it.
Just look for a bunch of people outside enjoying their company and a cup of joe.
Took me awhile for this review for a couple reasons.
First, I've never tried any of their food or treats.
And second, I've never took advantage by hanging out long enough.
Okay I lied.
I once sat in here for about 3 hours while a friend did some shopping.
I got tired watching her shop so I found myself at the Starbucks then migrated here.
This place has wifi and wished at the time that I had my iPad or laptop.
I kept myself occupied with their iced mocha's, which is a good change from a the hot ones.
Their iced drinks are perfect on a hot Las Vegas summer when caffeine is needed.
Their mocha's are creamy and doesn't hit you all at once.
I love a strong coffee, but not so much a strong tasting one.
Their mocha's are exactly this.
As for the my other choice, it's the good ol' Americano in the AM or an iced one in the afternoon.
The ambiance actually changes throughout the day and even the week.
I'm almost always outside, but also look forward to take advantage of their desks and tables inside.
Service is a bit slow compared to a SB, but that's expected here.
Their drinks are served in glasses, not disposable paper cups.
This means you're meant to stay and hang out.
Until last night, it's been awhile since my last visit.
This visit reminded me to come back.
I think of Panera Bread as comfort food for me.
The food here reminds me of food you'd get at a Bed & Breakfast.
Or, food your neighbor's cousin's sister's mom use to make when you were a kid.
The menu is basically sandwiches, soups, and salads.
But there's enough on the menu to satisfy almost everyone.
One thing about Panera Bread is that their food is always fresh and price is even better.
You can even getaway with a sandwich and soup for less than $10.
My order is usually the same...turkey something.
Either I'm getting a turkey in a panini or their smoked turkey sandwich.
Also don't be surprised if I get my turkey with extra meat.
The restaurant itself, along with their service, is always right on.
I tend to frequent Panera Breads that are located inside shopping malls, which tend to be smaller.
So you can imagine the shock when I walk into a freestanding or strip mall PB.
I had a great time on my last visit, more of those great times to come.
Smoked Turkey Sandwich:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=WGwW2AXJshax1cfizii7Dw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Chicken and Rice Soup:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Mg8e7YrdqoBW3DAnnLgAtA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Bags fly free, I'd give them 5 stars if I got to fly free.
So it will stay to just 4 stars for now.
I prefer to drive between California and Las Vegas, but when I fly I got no choice, my travel department usually books Southwest.
I remember the days of flying Southwest on a weekly basis.
These were the days when I was Premier (Southwest's version of Elite).
You have to go through the whole "cattle call", but I didn't because I was usually the early A's.
Now that I don't fly as much, I'm one of the C's and if I'm lucky maybe a B.
So now, you'll find me in the back or squeezed in-between two of the biggest people in the world.
It's cool though, they make perfect arm rest or a shoulder to lean on.
I also usually try to use the bathroom before I board because SW's bathrooms are usually small and dirty.
Besides the whole unassigned seats and bathrooms, I like Southwest.
If you're flying Southwest, you're usually flying a short distance anyway.
Flights are cheaper, wifi is only $5, and there's flights scheduled to SoCal throughout the day (notice I didn't say Cali).
You can say that Southwest is my comfort food of flying.
I'm a fan, mainly because I gots no choice.
By the way...the highlight on any Southwest flight...SkyMall Magazine Baby!!
I gave Frost Bites 5 stars.
Why not SnowFlake?
Is it location?
Nope, location for SnowFlake is even better.
Located near some great restaurants off Spring Mountain, SnowFlake is in an ideal location,

Is it taste?
No way!
SnowFlake still delivers when it comes to their selection of flavors and toppings.
Black Sesame is phenomenal.
Then top it with red bean and sweetened condensed milk, and it's on!
Is it texture?
Heck No!
Read the other reviews and I concur, no one makes their shave ice as smooth and creamy as SnowFlake.
Is it price?
You get what you pay for.
Here, you get more.
Big on portions, little on price.
So what is preventing me from following the 5 star trend that my fellow Yelp peeps  tend to give this place?
It comes down to the service for me.
I was lucky to always have Will and Mike whenever I hit up Frost Bites.
They are the best.
There was no Will or Mike on my visit to SnowFlake.
What I got was a few employees that rather be unprofessional behind the counter (joking, laughing, hugging, etc).
I was also bummed that the kid's cup is no longer an option.
Don't get me wrong.
I love this stuff, but an ice cream size scoop is more than enough for me.
Dear SnowFlake...bring the kid's size scoop back.
Calm down Las Vegas Yelp...4 Stars is still a great rating.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (440/500)
February 13th must be one of the busiest days at Hallmark since its one day before Valentine's Day.
I asked and was surprised that Valentine's Day is actually busier.
Even more surprising, February 15th is busy too.
I'm not one to procrastinate, but did find myself at Hallmark one day before Valentine's Day.
Yup, it was really busy.
I was here only to purchase a gift bag and a Disney figurine.
I took care of the Valentine's card weeks prior.
The staff is great at all Hallmarks that I've been to.
This location is no different.
The Store Manager even assisted me with questions that I had on the figurines, what other designs they had, and upcoming designs.
The store is kept clean, it's well organized, and the staff is always willing to assist.
Good job, Amy's Hallmark Shop!!
I will be back.
Haven't been to Eureka Casino??
Well, you're not missing much.
Eureka Casino is not located in the best part of Las Vegas and it is one of those dive casinos.
Not much here except smoke, loitering, small bar, and slot machines.
Eureka is literally the size of a 7-Eleven.
The only reason for me to stop in here is for Fat Choy's, which has delicious Short Rib Grilled Cheese.
I will be back only for Fat Choy's.
Otherwise, I really don't see myself going out here to kick it.
Self serve frozen yogurt is one of those guilty pleasures of mine.
It's almost up there with the music by Milli Vanilli.
Naw, joke only.
Or, is it?
I admit, I have avoided a Yogurtland for quite some time.
My little girl and my nephew both had complaints about one in California.
Their complaints...their froyo tasted like crap.
You know what I'm thinking.
If kids don't love it, then why wouldn't eitherI.
Then I started seeing all these check in's, comments, and reviews about Yogurtland.
Okay, I think it's time to give them a shot.
As a post-workout treat, I came here with our normal crew Chad S, Shirley B, and of course Terri R.  This place was busy.
But since it's self serve, the line is only as long as you're going to take.
My choice was simple..their Oreo Cookies and Cream, NY Cheesecake, and Black Sesame Vanilla.
I topped it off with some granola and peanut butter chips.
After my first, second, and last bites, I totally forgot about my daughter's complaints about this place.
In my opinion, this was some of the best frozen yogurt I've ever had.
I got three flavors just in case I was disappointed in one of them.
I wasn't and ended up eating the whole thing.
I know I can't be doing this daily or even once a week if I want to cut some pounds.
But when I'm in the mood or must have me some froyo, Yogurtland is where you'll find me.
Group Photo:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jB0vvfzCWLv4lzZrAKfQGw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Not a fork this time:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ec1VCU_lyGwFh2EW4x0eRg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Locked Up:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=xGnThl2IfwVlxjN_JuKr1w&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
The Orleans Hotel & Casino (2017 Yelp Review #234)

The Orleans Hotel and Casino has a great poker room.
The action is not as big as the Aria, the room is not as plush at the Bellagio, and the tournaments are not as deep as Venetian's.
Their poker room still has a lot of action for low to mid-limit players like myself.
Their Omaha High has a ton of action and it's not uncommon to pots to hit well over $500.
The players at the 1/3 NL never miss a bet and the bad beat jackpot is usually in the thousands.
By the way, hitting a high hand always seems to hit at this casino.
My parents love the Orleans and actually prefer to stay here when they're in town.
They love the gaming and always seem to hit big on their slot machines.
The bowling alley is located upstairs and it's usually packed with a long wait list.
Overall, I'm a fan of The Orleans.
I find it really hard to give Valle Verde Car Wash any less than 5 Stars.
Let's start with their prices.
An exterior hand wash is only $8.
The bargain really starts with their Deluxe at $20 and Super Deluxe at $40.
The Super Deluxe includes their hand wash, interior vacuumed, dash & console dressed, tires dressed, and windows cleaned in/out.
Valle Verde did a clean job, not a spot missed.
Interior was cleaned to perfection, not a crumb in sight.
Another huge plus is the 20% Yelp Check-In discount.
Jeez...all of this work on my car for only $16??
If you don't think that this is a deal, then try hand washing your car and dressing up your interior & tires in our 100 degree Vegas heat.
You get it?
Last but not least, I have to give props to the employees here.
I didn't deal with the owners, but dealt with Sal.
He was in charge and provided the best service, explained the rates, and gave me a good description of what each wash has to offer.
Carlos did most of the work and did a great job as well.
By the way, he's a Niner's fan and he knows who's got it better than us....NOBODY!!
TIP:  Cash and Debit Only
Short Ribs Grilled Cheese Sandwich!!!
They say a picture is worth a thousand words.
It's the pictures, not the reviews, of Fat Choy's Short Rib Grilled Cheese Sandwich that got me to bookmark this place.
I didn't know much of Fat Choy or even the Eureka Casino until Terri R. mentioned it during lunch a couple of weeks ago.
I read a couple of reviews and thought maybe.
But after looking at a few pictures, I knew I had to eventually pay a visit for their Short Ribs Grilled Cheese.
Yesterday was perfect.
I was in a meeting in California and just experienced a really bad lunch.
In the middle of my presentation, I get the text from Terri R. to meet at Fat Choy for dinner when I get back in town.
If you read Terri R's review, she mentioned she dragged me here.
Not even close.
No one has to drag me to anything that equals me eating.
Remember, my favorite food is seconds.
The service was really good, but also expected since we were 2 out of only 4 customers in this joint.
Of course I had the short ribs grilled cheese w/fries and Terri had the same.
The sandwich is as good as advertised.
Imagine a perfectly made grilled cheese sandwich and a couple of pieces of tender fall off the bone short ribs.
Then put those together with sauce that isn't overpowering and not too much of it.
That's what you get with Fat Choy's Short Rib Grilled Cheese.
It's worth another visit and if I was still a drinker, this would make the perfect hangover meal.
In the last 20 plus years, I've probably tried everything on Jack's menu.
Having said that..I got my favorites.
-Breakfast Supreme Croissant
-Grilled Chicken Strips
-Stuffed Jalapeno's.
The rest of the items on their menu is priced just about right, especially for fast food.
Most items on this menu is fried, high fat, and basically not good for you.
My stops are usually on the way out or on the way home.
Not my first choice for food, but sometimes you just want something quick.
As for their restuarant, it's clean and the service is pretty good.
Drive thru is fairly quick, which is the main reason you find me stopping here.
I use to live a few blocks from here and when it came to burgers, I had choices from the strip, In-N-Out, and Steiner's.
I wasn't aware of Yelp at the time, so I took the advice from a friend to eat at Bachi and became a fan ever since.
One thing about Bachi is the presentation.
Bachi goes out of the way to make a burger look so beautiful.
I have to admit that I've been here 5+ times and the Sahara location 10+ times in the last 2 years and have yet to try any of their actual burgers.
I know, what's wrong with me right?
I guess it's because I love their Bachi Fish (Alaskan Cod), the Lonely Bird (Chicken/Turkey), the Oxtail Fries, and their Bachi Dog.
All are good, very rich due to their sauces, flavorful, and a little messy.
Out of everything I've tried here, their Bachi Fish has to be my favorite.
Couple of side notes about Bachi in general.
Sometimes there's a wait to get your order and served.
Because of this, I rarely hit up Bachi on a weekend.
The Sahara location is bigger and faster in my opinion.
Also, the burgers are little pricey (most over $10).
Overall, I am still giving Bachi 5 Stars even though I have not tried any of their actual burgers.
Based on the other reviews, they're good so don't let my review discourage you from trying them.
However, allow my review to encourage you to try the Bachi Fish.
Both restaurants are clean, service always great, and I have never been disappointed with a Bachi visit.
A new restaurant in the valley named Protein House.
With a name like that, of course I need to see what's really going on.
Located off Eastern Avenue near LVAC and Gold's Gym, Protein House is another restaurant that offers healthy eats with a ton of protein.
But to me, PH is not just another healthy meal stop.
PH offers smoothies, breakfast, burgers, bowls, and salads.
To order, you can either go straight to the counter and place your order off their menu.
Or, you can take their order checklist, select your meal, and then hand it to the counter.
You also have the option to build your own burger, salad, and bowl.
Because this was my first visit, I decided on their biggest and baddest burger, their Muscle Builder Burger.
This burger is 12 oz of ground Bison, onions, cheese, and Canadian bacon all served in a whole wheat bun.
I had this medium well and swear that this is one of the best bison burgers I have ever had.
Most exotic meats like bison come gamey and with no taste.
Here at PH, they found a way to create this burger with flavor.
By the way, trying to up your protein for the day?
This burger has to be close to 70 grams of protein.
Yeah buddy!
As for the restaurant itself, I felt that it is a little small.
But I love the ambiance, decor, and service.
One things for sure, there's a ton of fit peeps eating here.
I also got the opportunity to meet one of the owners, Andrew Bic.
To be successful in any venture, it comes down to how you treat people.
Andrew got this right.
He took the time to chat it up, ask for suggestions, and gave a little insight of what PH is all about.
I didn't get the chance to meet the other owner, Larissa  Reis, but look forward to it on future visits.
If you're use to the taste that a 1000 calorie burger joint has to offer, then maybe Protein House is not for you.
If you're looking for some quality macros with high amounts of protein in a burger, then give Protein House a shot.
Wish List:
-Ostrich:  With about the same amount of protein as steak and with calories/fat that rival chicken, I think ostrich should be on their menu.
-Nutritional Information:  For a place that specializes in selling healthy meals, I think this information is necessary.
Per the owner, this is in the works with a dietitian.
PS: Like all other healthy eating locations (i.e Whole Foods, Greens & Protein, etc), expect a higher price tag here.
But through their build-your-own, you can actually get a meal fairly cheap.
Valentines Dinner 2013!!!
Question for you...Where does a Yelper celebrate Valentines?
A restaurant that's been bookmarked, that's where.
No quiet candle light, no short walk around town, and no 5 star restaurant.
I'm just as romantic as it gets.
Geisha Steakhouse is located on the eastside of town.
Not the best neighborhood at night, but nothing stands in my way when it comes to food.
Their normal menu is put on hold for Valentines so the choices are Their Valentines Dinner ($99), Seafood Lover ($40 each person), or their Land Lover ($40 each person).
I wanted to try their Land Lover, which consisted of their Rib Eye, Chicken and Filet Mignon.
I wanted this so bad, but couldn't since I dropped red meat for Lent.
My Valentine and I opted for the Seafood Lover which consists of Shrimp, Scallops, Lobster, and fried rice.
I admit, this meal was pretty damn good.
All three seafood pieces looked, tasted great, and was flavorful.
I've always loved lobster and shrimp, now scallops are becoming a new favorite.
Because it was seafood, the meal wasn't too filling in the beginning.
In other words, I wasn't initially full.
It wasn't until I finished my fried rice that I became stuffed.
I was so full that my second Valentine venture was going to be a tough one to accomplish.
I enjoyed the ambiance that almost all Teppanyaki restaurants have to offer.
Geisha Steakhouse has that same type of ambiance;  group type seating, entertaining/skillfull teppanyaki chefs, and great tasting food.
I really can't wait until Easter so I can come back and try their chicken and filet mignon.
You definitely can't go wrong with this place since there's a selection.
PS:  I love me some lobster.
Geisha's was good, but they also reminded me that I must take a trip back to Lobster Me for their Lobster Mac N' Cheese.
Took my time to review this place because I wanted to make sure that I had more than just 3 visits before I make my review.
Been to only a handful of Palm Beach Tans.
One thing in common in all is their customer service.
This location is up there too.
When it comes to products, I don't get that feel that they are pushing me to buy one of their high ticket lotions.
Some tanning places do.
I'm always treat good.
Originally from Daygo, I never had to worry about getting a tan.
That's because it was so easy to just go to the beach when I start to lighten up.
Now that I'm here, it's too hot for me to lay out at the pool.
Actually a little embarrassed that I even have to indoor tan since I'm normally a dark Pacific Islander.
About this place...
I've never had to wait to get on any of the beds and even their stand up's.
This location is bit slower than the California location that I usually frequent.
Beds and bulbs always look to be in good shape.
One thing about this specific location is that it's cooled just right.
I've been to other locations where I am burning up.
This place has the AC on full blast.
If there's one issue that I have, it's for all the Palm Beach Tans.
Their rooms are small.
Not many places to put your keys, wallet, and phone.
This must explain why women have purses.
I'm a dude, so I just leave everything in my pockets.
My other issue is that I am not allowed to have someone in here with me.
I don't plan of doing anything crazy in these beds, but it get's tough to get lotion on my back.
What can I really say about the Fountains of Bellagio that hasn't already been said in these Yelp reviews?
The water and light show is gorgeous and a "must see" whenever you're on the strip.
Show times is every half hour during the day and every 15 minutes at night.
It does get a little crowded with locals, tourist, and your everyday Vegas strip performers.
But don't let the crowds discourage you.
Finding a good spot to watch the fountain and lights shouldn't be a big problem since the shows are only about 15 minutes apart.
My favorites include the Pink Panther, Viva Las Vegas, Heart Will Go On, Billie Jean, and Andrea Bocelli's Con Ti Partiro.
You can also look up the schedule online.
Just like the show itself, this review is quick and awesome.
My first real ramen experience was at Ramen Sora and I surely wasn't disappointed.
My check in to Ramen Sora resulted to a ton of advice coming from other Yelp peeps from Las Vegas to SoCal.
Either I have lots of love coming from my Yelp homies or they knew I was a newbie to this phenomenon called Ramen.
One common advice, if I like Ramen Sora, I will love Fukumimi.
I knew that this visit was coming soon and when Elizabeth B set up the UYE, I could not resist.
Somewhat armed with knowledge, one thing that I knew coming in was the noodle type that each place proposes.
The Tantan Men was highly suggested, but there was too much in it that I was not allowed to eat until after Easter.
So, kept this place bookmarked just for their Tantan Men.
I opted for Fukumimi's Tonkotsu Miso Ramen minus the meat, added 2 extra eggs, and 3 extra seaweeds.
When it comes to taste, I admit the broth was perfect and creamy.
You also know it's creamy when you cannot see anything deep inside your bowl.
So good that I didn't finish my bowl.
As a special touch I added the Karaage to my order, which is basically small fried chicken pieces.
But there's nothing basic about their Karaage.
The Karaage is a tastier and super tender boneless chicken that's also lightly breaded.
This complimented the ramen to perfection.
As for who's got it better than them?
Well, depends on the person.
I prefer the taste of Fukumimi, but the noodles of Ramen Sora.
In other words, I'm torn but do not mind taste testing both and having a personal challenge for the rest of my life.
Couple of UYE call outs.
First time to hang out at a UYE with Elizabeth B, Ian A, Shirley B, and Joe L.  It's been a pleasure and great minds do think alike.
Another UYE with Terri R, Alicia R, Francisco A, and Chad S in a week's time.
This is becoming habit, this is becoming family.
Thanks Elizabeth B. for setting this up.
You're the best!!
PS: Ate "Food for You" aka Shirley B taught me a chopstick trick when eating ramen.
That is to keep the chopsticks intact and use it like a fork and twirl the noodles together.
Sort of like how you use a fork to eat spaghetti.
Pretty slick Shirley B.
Not my first time at Cabo Mexican Restaurant, but my first time at this one.
This Cabo is located inside Sante Fe Station Casino, where you will find mostly locals.
The great thing about any restaurant at the Sante Fe Station Casino, there's almost no wait to be seated.
Yes, our locals at casinos located off the strip aren't here to eat.
Most are here to gamble.
We arrived with a group of 12 and our orders were taken almost immediately.
I ended up getting their chicken fajitas with double meat.
I also asked that all the fun stuff (i.e.
sour creams, guacamole, beans, rices, cheese, etc) be put on another plate.
One last request was to have my chicken clean meaning no seasoning added.
After what seems like an eternity to get our food, I got half my request right.
Some, not all, items were put on another plate.
But I got my chicken clean, which is the most important.
Taste wise, I was satisfied and know it would have been better if I had the fun stuff added.
Our waitress was great and our server pleasant.
Overall, I have no complaints about Cabo.
TIPS:
-Chips:  I didn't try at this location, but have tried it at other Cabo's.
I don't know what it is about their chips, but they are addicting.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (422/500)
Got Gas?
If you need gas and you're in the area, Terrible Herbst can help because it's a gas station.
On the outside, this Terrible Herbst looks like your average gas station.
On the inside, this Terrible Herbst looks like your average gas station.
Employees are always nice and very efficient on the cash register.
The gas station is equipped with multiple gas pumps ranging from regular to premium, a great touch-free car wash, a water/air station, and plenty of parking.
What I love about this gas station is the options you get at the pump...pay inside or pay outside and debit or credit?
Inside the gas station is like small market aka a mini-mart.
This place is great if you have the munchies.
You can find chips, cookies, candy, nuts, water, beer, and pastries at this Terrible Herbst.
Overall, I am a fan of Terrible Herbst because I'm a fan of gas.
I need gas to run my car.
Who doesn't need gas?
We all can use some gas every once in a while.
Hope this review helped you find a good gas station.
Bookmark Checked!!!
TIP #1:  Diesel fuel is identified by the green handles on the gas pump.
TIP #2:  Don't give money to the strangers telling you that they don't have enough for gas.
They don't even have a car.
TIP #3:  Reese's Peanut Butter Cups inside.
2017 Yelp Review #72
If you can get passed a bit of a wait for your food, including appetizers, then Pasta Fresh may be your type of restaurant.
I read the reviews prior to coming here so I was well prepared for our food to take some time.
However, I thought that the appetizers could have been quicker.
Our Eats:
-Pan Seared Scallops ($5 per order):  You get one huge piece of scallop with this order.
I didn't think that this was enough for a group of three, so I got two orders.
This app alone was worth the visit to Pasta Fresh.
The scallop was fresh, tasty, and on top of apple bits.
To the side of this scallops was one cauliflower that had a kick to it.
-Garlic Knots ($3.50 for 5):  The GF ordered this the garlic knots and I had a piece.
This was freshly made and buttery.
This wasn't overly drenched in garlic, but still good enough for an appetizer.
-Lobster Ravioli ($18):  This is new to Pasta Fresh and was my main dish.
This dish was a disappointment.
First of all, I thought that the ravioli was inconsistent.
Some pieces were too doughy, some too hard, and one tasted overcooked.
You get a decent amount of ravioli and in that mix, you will find at least one good one.
I did, at least.
Now for my biggest issue...where's the lobster???
This entree is titled Lobster Ravioli and mixed with mushrooms.
What I got was more of a Mushroom Ravioli that was mixed with tiny bits of lobster.
You don't even taste the lobster because it's that small.
If you get this and wondering if there is even any lobster in it, it's the tiny white & red pieces.
Remember back in the day when you would find advertisements for Sea Monkeys?
All you had to do was mix this package of Sea Monkeys with your aquarium of fish.
What you're suppose to get is a family of sea creatures chillin out with your pet fish.
I admit, I was one of those kids that was ordered them and was disappointed when I could barely find a Sea Monkey that even got close to what they were advertising.
Well, that's my experience with Pasta Fresh's Lobster Ravioli.
I ordered what I thought would be a good portion of lobster meat and got nothing but tiny Sea Monkey sized lobster in their ravioli.
Couple other things to point out...
-You get a free macaron with their Yelp Check-In, but this was a total fail since they didn't have any macarons.
The pictures looked good though.
-There's a secret menu.
Ask about it or check their not so secret online menu.
-Again, a bit of a wait
-Don't order the Lobster Ravioli
-Their create your own pastas are inexpensive and probably worth the price.
Some of their entrees are a little steep, especially if you get the Lobster Ravioli.
Overall, I still think I would come back.
My friend ordered their Chicken Parmesan and it sure looked good.
He confirmed it too.
I also like the option to build your own pasta.
Their create your own Pastas have a ton of choices in pasta, cheeses, sauces, and meats.
I have learned my lesson...no more Lobster Ravioli for me.
I will try one of their create your own pastas next time.
Looking to get away from Las Vegas for just a moment?
In my opinion, Tivoli Village is one of the few places where you can completely forget that you're in the valley of sin.
Tivoli Village isn't necessarily a hot spot in Las Vegas, but it's definitely a luxurious and classy mini-town that should not be overlooked.
Filled with small shops, boutiques, restaurants, and even business offices (upstairs), Tivoli Village to me has always been a perfect place to take a stroll with good company.
On the westside of Tivoli Village is a handful of chairs and tables where I feel is the best spot in regards to people watching, relaxing, or to finish that great conversation you're having with someone.
After kicking back for awhile, you can then stroll towards the center where sometimes a live band is performing.
It doesn't cost anything to have a great time at Tivoli Village.
All it cost is your time, which doesn't mean much when you're under all the beauty and lights that Tivoli Village has to offer.
TIP:  Daytime serves this place no justice.
If you visit, do it at night when the lights shine bright like a diamond.
Absolutely beautiful!!
In my lifetime, I've only been to this DMV 3 times.
All 3 times the wait for me has been long.
Because I get a new company ride every year, I'm a regular at DMV's in San Diego and Las Vegas.
I rather go north to the Decatur location, but sometimes get stuck here.
Couple of Tips:
-Don't come on a Monday
-Don't come on a Friday
-Bring a book, it's going to take some time
-Bring a meal, eat once you're done with your book.
Now when I say the wait here is long, I'm talking around 45 minutes.
I know, this is nothing compared to California where waits can take 2 hours.
Here's another tip, call in or go online to set up an appointment.
And by the way, the employees here are all pleasant.
I give them props just for dealing with impatient peeps like me.
PS:  The worse drivers at this location.
No one can seem to park correctly or follow simple driving etiquette like stopping at stop signs.
PS2:  Their drive up emissions area is quick.
Hardly any wait there.
Overall, I recommend EVERYONE to come here for their DMV needs.
That way I can have the Decatur location all to myself.
I'm Mel C. and I approve this message.
My daughter's first thought once we walked into the Forum Shops at Caesars was "wow, we're  ballin'.
I had to respond that we were here to shop, not buy.
But that didn't stop her from dreaming.
The Forum starts off with the Richie Rich type stores, the type of stores where money isn't the issue.
But the Forum caters to a mix of different clientels from your rich to average middle class.
Walk towards the end of the Forum and you're faced with H&M, Nike, and Cheesecake Factory.
I love the Niketown and Apple here.
My daughter was impressed with their H&M.
It's really the H&M that wowed her about the Forum.
Quote from Daughter C. after visiting the H&M here "I think I've gone to heaven."
Regarding food, there's plenty of eats in Caesars and even a few inside the Forum.
After a great big meal, a stroll through the Forum is perfect to walk off some of those new found calories.
The Forum itself is clean, classy, and luxurious.
PS:  Funny how in almost every store we walked into, we were asked where we live.
It's almost like they're surprised to see locals frequent this place.
Let's start with the entrance...where is it??
Here's a tip..when you arrive at the entrance area, knock 3 times to the glass to your right, then 2 times to the glass in the front.
The entrance will magically open.
I tell everyone this when we first arrive...classic!!!
Yes, doors are hard to find.
Once you're in, you're in.
This is the most chill cocktail lounge in the Fremont area.
Like others, it's dark, but it's spacious and with plenty of places to lounge.
This is a great starter for the evening and an even better after bar.
Great place to go with friends and even chill enough to take a date here.
If you're looking to hook up or you specialize in "What Happens In Vegas, Stays In Vegas", then this may not be it.
Most people here are here to kick back and relax.
My suggestion is to meet someone at the other lounges, bars, and cocktail rooms.
Then take them here after.
You receive a drink menu with the prices and proofs.
This place specializes in Absinthe.
Yes, the strong stuff that I avoid so I can make it home safe.
The staff is pretty good.
Usually when you walk in, they will help seat you if you do not know where to go or can't settle on a spot.
There's also enough watresses roaming that you are kept filled.
TIP: For your drinks, ask for a little or no ice.
Drinks are not watered down, but way too much ice at times.
I like the drinks cold, but hate it when it's just a sip and you're done.
Lone Mountain is fun, quick, and very dangerous.
I read a few of the reviews for Lone Mountain and some Yelpers state that this is an easy hike.
I wouldn't go as far as saying it's easy.
From the base to the top, the hike up is about a 1/2 mile and will take about 20 minutes on a 2 MPH pace (slow walk).
You can make the hike even shorter by climbing it ninja style, but I DO NOT recommend this.
The total distance and the time it takes makes this hike easy.
The steepness and the slippery terrain makes this hike a little dangerous.
This is one of those hikes that shouldn't be taken for granted.
Just because you see a bunch of 10 year old kids and puppies at the top, doesn't mean that this hike is not dangerous.
I advise that you watch every step that you make, especially on the way down.
Once you get to the top, you're greeted with a 360 degree view of the Las Vegas.
Views include Spring Mountain, Red Rock, Summerlin, Centennial, North Las Vegas, the park below, the Centennial In-N-Out, and of course, our beautiful Las Vegas strip.
To date, I've only hiked up this lonely mountain twice.
But I'm sure that's going to change soon.
I like this hike because it's quick and will not take hours to complete.
I doubt that I would ever give a police department any less than 4 stars.
Their job is tough enough protecting and serving.
I am giving this Las Vegas Metro PD 5 stars because I have never had a bad experience here.
First of all, I take a bite out of crime so my reason for visiting a police department is never a bad one for me.
My visits here are usually a bad one for the Bad Guy, hah.
This station is self explanatory...walk inside, sign in at Window 2 and then wait.
Majority of the people that come here are registering their guns or  to file some sort of complaint.
I'm here usually to pick up a police report, file one, or drop off some evidence.
My wait has never been bad, but at the same time, I know the best days and times to come in.
Here's a tip...avoid this place on Monday's or a Tuesday after a 3-Day Weekend.
PS:  Not as big has the main location off MLK, but also not as busy.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (410/500)
So many favorites for me in Las Vegas and Venetian is one of them.
My visits at the Venetian went in stages throughout the years.
First it was about gambling, then it was hotel stays when I was visiting, followed by a great poker room, and now just to check out their exhibits.
After all these years, I still love the Venetian.
Been a year since I stayed here and the rooms are very nice, clean, and spacious.
Comparing their average rooms against Mandalay's, Venetian wins hands down.
Another thing about the Venetian hotel is their check in and check out.
For a strip casino, the process is usually quick and painless here.
The Venetian also has Tao (which I haven't been to in 3+ years), the wax museum, and exhibits (recently the Da Vinci).
Still one of the cleanest hotels/casinos that you'll find in Las Vegas with one of the best poker rooms.
I'm not saying easy games, just tons of action.
Also not trying to tap the aquarium here, but the players here are pretty damn good.
Because of that, there's also a lot of action and if you play your cards right, you can have a big night.
When I have time off or a bunch of hours to spare, I will come out and play a little.
I still recommend the Venetian to both locals and visitors.
My only issue is that I tend to get lost here regardless of how many times I've been here.
They're always adding something, taking something out, changing some of the decor, and even closing escalators & elevators down.
Yes, I get confused when I come here and when you have a little liquid courage in you, it's even worse.
Don't know how many times I'm trying to get to my car and end up at the Palazzo.
It's more than enough.
Fat Boy is not the place for anyone that has weight-loss as their New Year's resolution.
However, it is the perfect place for anyone that's in the mood for a good burger at a great price.
Fat Boy serves burgers, cheese steaks, burritos, quesadillas, pastrami sandwiches/burgers, chicken wings/tenders, and of course the all-time fattie food...pizza.
I just gained 10 lbs.
writing this.
Fat Boy is local and has everything that a "hole in the wall" burger joint has minus the drive thru.
They have a list of fun fattie food, but it's the burgers that they are known for.
I got the Dbl Monster Chz Boyer (double cheese burger), which is also their most expensive item at only $8.59.
Can you say "meal at a steal"?
I also added an egg and piece of bacon for $1.90.
Price is dirt cheap and if value is what you're looking for, then look no further because all of the prices at Fat Boy is as good as it gets.
The name of my burger was fitting because it was a beast.
As for taste, it was a good thing that I had an egg, cheese, and bacon added to it because I thought that it was on the dry side.
It was still tasty, but just missed the juicy beef taste that I was craving.
The bun also got a little soggy from all the grease.
Don't get me wrong, my double was still a very good burger.
Maybe I just expected too much with some of these 5 star reviews.
I'm sure that I will be back.
I still want to try their pastrami burger, the cheese steak, and maybe add some of their fat fries next time.
The amount of options here is good.
The value is even better.
TIP #1:  Add an extra-large patty for $3.00.
TIP #2:  Additional Toppings cost about $1.00

2017 Yelp Review #68
First and last visit to the Furniture Factory.
I was in the parking lot searching through Yelp for the nearest furniture store and viola!, a furniture store happens to be in same parking lot that I happen to be in.
Convenient and if I find what I'm looking for at the right price, score!
So, I enter and immediately see two guys sitting on couches.
I wasn't sure if they were employees or customers, but one said "Hi".
That was the extent of our conversation.
As soon as I pass them, they get up to assist customers walking in.
Now, I'm irrigated,  but no big deal.
I will just browse and if I see something I like, maybe someone will assist.
Then I see it.
I found the table I'm looking for.
but it's missing the price.
I stood and stood waiting for someone to help me.
I also see employees all over the place going out of their way to serve other customers.
I'm not going to speculate to why, but I guess I didn't look like a furniture buying looking dude.
However, I was the first customer that walked inside their doors at the time.
After about 10 minutes of standing in front of the table pacing with no service, I decided to approach them for assistance.
I finally got the price and it was perfect.
However, I already lost interest and would rather take my money to a place that wants it.
I'm not going out of my way to buy something where the salesperson will not, at least, meet me halfway to sell it.
I could easily give this place 1 or 2 stars, but I won't.
They didn't have a huge selection, but they did have some quality furniture at pretty good prices.
I don't want my review to discourage all other customers looking for a great deal.
They just need to be patient enough to deal with bad service.
Obviously, I don't see myself coming back to Furniture Factory.
In fact, I ended up paying almost double for the same looking table somewhere else.
I was planning on changing up a my whole downstairs furniture by the end of the year.
Just too bad Furniture Factory is not going to be part of it.
The sales people probably get paid on commission too.
Big Mistake!..Big!..Huge!
I've had Wicked Spoon bookmarked for the longest time.
I had plenty of opportunities to eat here, but promised my teenager that I wouldn't eat here without her.
So it's set.
She's in town for a couple of days and Wicked Spoon was on her radar this time around (I swear, she's a Yelper in training).
We purposely arrived about an hour near closing because I figured that the lines wouldn't be as bad then.
I was right, only waited about 20 minutes to get into our seats.
Overall service was great and for that I cannot complain.
I feel the ambiance and the decor.
I even love their tables and wish I had that pattern at home.
But this review is about the food, right?
In my opinion, if you've been to one buffet in Las Vegas, you've been to them all.
The dishes here are served in mini-portions, which I think is great for pictures.
But lousy for a buffet.
When I think buffet, I think as much as I want.
Give their Fried Chicken Wings as an example.
You get two pieces presented in a cute stainless steel strainer.
But if I wanted 6 pieces, I would have to grab 3 of these bad boys, really?
How about their Angry Mac N' Cheese.
The portions are small and if I wanted a little more, than I'm grabbing multiple tins of these.
Again, great for photos, but not convenient for eating.
This is pretty much the experience with all their mini-dishest.
By the time I was done, I've tried their fried chicken, roasted chicken, salmon, sushi (don't do it), mac n cheese, and their garlic pizza.
All were just about par with every one else on the strip.
Not bad in taste, not the greatest either.
Now for dessert...This is where Wicked Spoon has their one shining moment.
It's all about desserts here.
From presentation to taste, you really can't go wrong with their desserts.
Their macarons weren't that great, but everything else disappeared once it made it to my table.
Overall, I have to give Wicked Spoon just 3 stars because it's just okay compared to the rest of the strip buffets out there.
For $35 a person for lunch, I think I could get more bang for my buck outside of the strip.
I'm sure I will eventually be back.
Just remember, I'm not paying for dinner.
Weird.
I swear I have reviewed WinCo Foods already.
Here are the pros and cons.
Pros: 
-Located close to home
-Open 24 hours
-Best prices in town compared to other grocery stores.
-Best prices on eggs, egg whites, Greek yogurt, 93% ground beef, and 90% turkey.
-Great prices on natural peanut butter.
They have Justin's
-Lovely staff

Cons:
-Cash or Debit Card Only (all good, I rarely use my credit card)
-Great deals are usually wiped out by Sunday night
-Long lines on Sunday's 
-No Wi-Fi
-I have to bag my own groceries

TIP: Get your pumpkins for Halloween here.
Cheapest in town!!!
2017 Yelp Review #50
This review took forever for me to write.
With all the great reviews about this place, there wasn't more I could say.
Frost Bites is like a UYE or an Elite Event, nothing but 5 stars.
But you know what?
I concur with my Yelp buds on this one.
Frost Bites has taken their snow ice, snow cream, or whatever you want to call it to another level.
I admit, I took my time on this review until I had my second serving.
I didn't want other reviews to taint my opinion about this place.
I also don't give too many 5 star reviews unless I feel a business deserves it.
Well, I'm giving them the max.
10 stars would have been my vote if that was an option.
If you build it, he will come.
Well the owners, Mike and Will, set up shop in old Henderson and built it.
And you know what, we came.
We arrived in bunches.
Most Yelpers came back for seconds, then came back for thirds, and fourths, and so on.
Not hype, my friends.
Frost Bites is too legit to quit.
I've tried their Coffeelicious and Black Sesame.
Tough for me to decide which is better because both were a smooth, a light, and a creamy icy heaven.
Definitely hits the spot, especially this time of the year.
Both were regular sizes, but are huge.
Got no will power, then opt for their Monster cup.
Prices here are the best to the point that I feel like I'm ripping them off.
Service is also 5 Stars.
The team here takes pride in their work and even a greater pride taking care of their customers.
Don't be surprised on your second visit here that they already know you by first name basis.
When it slows down, they will take their time to hang out with you.
Frost Bites is cool like that, Mike and Will are cool like that.
Visitors, I'm calling you out.
Yelpers from all over Vegas are driving all the way to Henderson for this.
Las Vegas Yelpers know what's up.
C'mon SoCal visitors...your turn to give them a shot.
Tired of losing money at the casinos.
Tired of the high expenses to maintain your "Vegas Baby" lifestyle on the strip.
Here's a great bang for your buck.
Take the trip to Frost Bites Shavery for some snow cream with huge servings and great prices.
You won't be disappointed.
Black Sesame:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=YWg2zzipuGDYmgXGYKIjjA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

FTS:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=j-MdUW_pEoGsBV5kyPC2JQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Coffeelicious:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=j-MdUW_pEoGsBV5kyPC2JQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
The Las Vegas Foodie Fest is one of those places that you have to try at least once whether you're local or just happen to be in town.
Couple of things first...
-There's nothing really healthy here
-It's all about the food trucks
-You will have to pay for admission
-Prices for almost everything is double and almost triple for what you get
-Expect a long line at White Castle, which in my opinion is an overrated greasy mess.
All that being said, I still had a fun time at this year's Foodie Fest.
I admit, I never really got into this whole "Food Truck" thang.
I use to live in San Diego where once a year we had the Del Mar Fair.
If you ever been, then you would know that the Del Mar Fair is all food trucks.
But I learned to appreciate the food trucks and enjoy the fun eating that comes with it.
First of all, we were very lucky that we didn't experience the lines to enter and lines at each stop.
We avoided White Castle, which looked like a 45 minutes wait just for their infamous sliders.
Places we tried included the Buttermilk Truck for their red velvet pancakes, Tasty Island for their Jamaican beef patty, Tornado Potato for the garlic fries on a stick, Nonna's for a couple of sliders and Risotto balls, Devilicious for the lobster grilled cheese sandwich, and the Cookie Bar for sweets.
My favorite was Devilicious' lobster grilled cheese.
All of this was grubbin' was obtainable Terri R and I shared everything.
Overall, I am a fan of the Foodie Fest because it's fun and you get to nom on some eats/treats that only come around about twice a year.
So, here's my tip...
-Don't go here if you're on a diet
-Come here hungry
-Don't get caught up with one food truck.
Instead, buy from multiple food trucks and sample.
-There's more than just food trucks here.
Enjoy what else the Foodie Fest has to offer (i.e.
the Rice Rocket Car Show, Rides, Music, Store Vendors, etc)
-Find the Yelp tent and hang out.
Always cool to bump into fellow Yelpers, especially ones that are friends.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (467/500)
Fashion Show Mall is probably considered the best overall shopping mall in Las Vegas.
This mall is actually really beautiful compared to the rest of the malls I've been to, including California.
This mall is conveniently located on the strip, so there's a mix of more tourist and some locals.
Regardless of the week, this mall can get a bit busy.
Parking isn't that tough, but a nightmare during the holidays.
Regarding the stores, there's pretty much everything for everyone here.
However, I don't frequent this mall too often.
I admit, I'm one of those shoppers that just wants to go in a place and get the heck out.
This is never the case with Fashion Show Mall because its pretty big and my favorite stores are all far from each other.
This explains why I prefer Town Square, the South Outlets, and even Meadows.
But I'm still giving Fashion Show Mall 4 Stars because it's clean, big, and there's enough stores that can make any shopper happy.
Shopping: http://www.thefashionshow.com/directory
Dining and Entertainment:  http://www.thefashionshow.com/dining-entertainment

TIP:  Not too many rest rooms or they're tough to find.
I tend to use Forever 21's when I'm at this mall.
That explains why you may see me there.
Ha ha.
Okay...my teenager is in town and when she's in town I spoil the heck out of her.
So, in the last 2 days I've taken her to the Forum at Caesars, the Shoppes at Palazzo, and a few outlets.
Did she buy anything?
No, because she rather go thrift shopping.
Not what you're thinking either.
She's not poppin' tags.
My girl loves thrift shopping for that gem hidden in all this junk.
My teen has this thing about being original and finding the best deals possible if they're new.
She didn't end up finding anything that she really wanted.
However, since I spent a good hour here, I might as well review it.
Why?
Because that's what Yelpers do.
I don't frequent thrift shops.
I'm more of a swap meet type of guy.
I expected an unorganized mess and was surprised that this store is actually well recovered.
Think about it before you judge, this is a thrift shop.
This is the type of place where you may find a Betamax, crossword puzzles that are already solved, clothing from 1985, and a bunch of electronics that do not have wireless remotes (this actually have wired remotes).
You know the saying "one man's trash is another man's treasure".
That exactly describes a place like this.
This is not a place for me because I don't have the patience to dig for that score.
But I am still giving Epic 3 stars just because it's about average to what you'll find at other thrift stores out here.
Just an okay 24hr Fitness, but I will continue to go here if I'm in the area.
I should be nostalgic about this gym since it's the very first 24hr that I ever worked out in.
Now, I'm hitting up most of the 24hr's around our beautiful city.
Like most gyms, this one is busy on Saturday morning, Monday's, and Tuesday's.
There's enough equipment here, but because of all the gym goers, the equipment can be taken at times.
Size and cleanliness is okay.
The bottom line is whether you're able to get a good workout or not.
And for me, I always seem to get a great workout here.
My one issue here is their lack of dumbbells, weights (the plates), and safety collars.
The dumbbell racks are usually missing dumbbells, the benches missing collars, and you have to walk the entire gym looking for that missing weight plate.
It's even worse when someone is loading up the leg press with over 1000 lbs.
When I see that, I know it's going to be a long night.
I'm probably biased because I love the Summerlin, Centennial, and North Las Vegas 24's.
But I will still make my way out here for a workout to change things up.
It's been almost 2 years since I last eaten Ohana Hawaiian BBQ.
The last time I was here, I got their Salmon with rice which I thought was one of the best Salmons one can get, especially at a Hawaiian restaurant.
On my most recent visit, I opted for their Katsu Mini and a Katsu Masubi.
I really wanted a Loco Moco, but cut off red meat for Lent.
First of all, let's talk price and portions.
Price is probably one of the cheapest out there and the portions are huge.
My Katsu Mini looked as big as a regular.
My only issue is that it was missing some taste.
From the rice, the macaroni, and to the Katsu, taste was lacking and it was super bland.
My Katsu Masubi was also missing taste.
If this restaurant was in SoCal, it may be considered really good stuff.
But with the amount of Hawaiian restaurants out here in Las Vegas, I would say Ohana is just okay.
My co-worker had lunch with me.
He never eats anything outside of Pizza, Burgers, BBQ, etc.
In other words, he doesn't eat outside the box.
For the first time, I actually witnessed someone order a Cheeseburger at a Hawaiian restaurant.
Hilarious stuff and he thought it was just okay, nothing special.
On a side note, this restaurant also carries Chinese Food.
You can get what looks like Orange Chicken here and noodles.
Really??
Couple of things I do like about this restaurant is the details and pictures of their food.
Almost every item that you can order has pictures represented.
Overall, I really don't see myself driving out of my way to come here.
The location is far from the usual areas I'm in anyway.
However, I still remember how good their Salmon was.
Maybe my next trip is just for that.
Located inside the South Point Casino.
There was a line the last 3 times I've been here.
Must be the weekend, but the line doesn't take long at all.
Prior to my first visit at a Steak 'n Shake, all I heard from everyone was that this place had the best burgers and it's cheap.
I have to admit, it is cheap.
But not the best burgers.
Don't get me wrong, the burgers were pretty good.
Taste is similar to Johnny Rockets.
Since my belly was happy at the end, I have to give this place at least 4 stars.
Now for the highlight of this place...the shakes.
I don't normally order shakes after digesting over 1500 calories in one sitting, but was also told that I had to try the shakes.
Shakes are one of the best.
If you choose to eat here, look around.
I bet almost everyone is having a shake.
Word gets around.
I will be back...but only for the shakes.
At Dickey's, you're not going to get the best tasting, fall off the bone, melt in your mouth, type ribs here.
What you will find at Dickey's is decent BBQ with super prices.
When I think of Dickey's BBQ Pit, I think of having that "wine taste, with the beer budget".
Dickey's was a last minute decision for us.
We were looking for BBQ, but wanted somewhere quick and close to our current location.
Dickey's fit the bill.
I ended up getting their 2 Meat Plate which consisted of 4 oz of sliced beef briskets, 4 oz of chicken breast, waffle fries, and beans.
All of this was only $10.50, which is a steal of a deal to me.
As for taste, I've had better.
Both the briskets and chicken was a bit dry.
However, a huge plus was that both were lower in calories than the other BBQ joints out here.
The waffle fries were also dry and the beans tasted like they were just out of a can.
The kids had good ol' fashion mac n cheese, but good was far from it.
Both teens stated that Kraft Mac N Cheese was better.
Looking for great tasting BBQ, Yelp other places around town or go somewhere else.
Looking for quick BBQ and cheap prices, then give Dickey's a shot.
PS:  Was overcharged close to $10 on both Mac's.
The Manager took care of the issue by crediting my debit card.
My advice, check your bill.
This visit was to celebrate Alicia R's birthday.
The Wonder Twins (aka Terri R and Alicia R) invited me and you know I am not turning down a good meal with the hottest twins in Las Vegas.
Besides, it's been forever since I step foot in here.
It's had to be at least 5 years and I've been really missing out.
I've only been to one other Maggiano's and that one is located in Costa Mesa.
Maggiano's use to be the place where my favorite sister would take me for my birthday.
All I remember from Maggiano's is a lot of good food, huge portions, great service, and long waits even with a reservation.
This Maggiano's is a lot similar to the Costa Mesa location.
This place was packed on Friday, great food, huge portions, and great service.
Only difference, which is a big one, there was zero wait.
I had their Parmesan Crusted Tilapia which was really good and the portions had to be triple of what you get compared to other restaurants.
The $20 price tag is pretty good considering that I had over 10 oz of great tasting fish.
After my meal, I washed it down with 3 scoops for their Vanilla Bean Ice Cream.
I offered to share, but everyone in our table had their own treat.
I didn't want to put my dessert to waste, so I killed it.
There's not too many Maggiano's around in any city.
I believe that this is the only one in Las Vegas.
I've never had a poor experience at Maggiano's and recommend if you're looking for fine Italian food with huge portions.
PS:  Happy Birthday to Alicia R. (aka Terri R's twin, aka my 5K partner, aka my half marathon inspiration, aka Yes, and aka the former Finger Printing Lady).
Ha Ha...and more nicknames to come.
I used to be a fan of the original Casa Don Juan back in the day.
The menu is extensive and can get a bit overwhelming.
But trust me, everything starts to taste the same at Casa Don Juan.
I'm not usually here by choice.
When I'm here, it's probably because one of my co-workers wanted to come here and I was out voted.
I should investigate the voting, but I'll just let it go.
I'll play it safe and get their fajitas.
A big plate with very little substance is what you get at Casa Don Juan.
Only about 25% of the plate is the meat.
The rest is the cheap stuff like the rice and the beans.
The tortilla chips they give you is very inconsistent.
Some days, they're perfect, fresh, and airy.
Other days, they're hard, greasy, and salty.
Price for a meal here isn't the best considering what you actually get.
If there's a shining moment to Casa Don Juan, then it's the service.
The servers here are marvelous.
Overall, the food is just okay.
I've had better.
2017 Yelp Review #82
Yay!
I'm a fan of Big Dog's...only if I'm in the area.
At Big Dog's, the portions are just that, pretty big.
Service is always quick to be seated, order to be taken, and food to arrive.
Can't give them 5 stars for service because at Big Dog's, they are not the most attentive group.
Once you get your meal, there are times you don't see or hear from a server until your check is given to you.
My suggestion is to do what I always do, order your drink refill early.
As for the food, it's not bad and the portions are good.
-Sliders: This was recommended on my very first visit about two years ago.
Priced about average (less than $10)' It's still delicious and taste about the same as other pub and grill joints.
-Fish and Chips:  Deep fried and greasy.
Poke a couple of holes in the breaded fish and drain the greasy out first.
Now you're takin'.
Now it's at least edible.
I think the batter is a little too thick and takes away from the taste of the fish.
-Steak:  Not a bad option, but it's a little dry.
However, it's cheap and you get what you pay for.
-Pizza:  Has to be over 2 years since my last pizza here, but it's cheap and one of their better prepared items here.
For less than $10, a personal pizza here is tasty and not too greasy.
-Burgers:  2nd favorite to their pizza.
Their burgers are stacked, juicy, and affordable.
I never expect much at Big Dog's because the prices are cheap and it's basically pub food.
Portions are big and there's still enough on the menu for everybody.
Beignets!
Beignets!
Beignets!
I've been to the other Grand Lux Café inside the Venetian multiple times and never had a bad experience.
Grand Lux is a safe pick for a meal because the menu is extensive and the food is pretty good.
Service is usually good as well.
This was my first visit to the Grand Lux Café inside the Palazzo.
Our waitress was the best.
She asked us if we were from out of town.
We responded that we weren't and were mainly here for the beignets.
She gave us a tip that it would take about 20 minutes to make and that she'll alert the kitchen when we were about halfway through our meals.
I had their turkey burger and a dry baked potato.
Overall, my meal was just okay.
Now, back to the beignets.
You get 8 large sized beignets in a basket.
The beignets are served fresh, hot, and lightly coated with powdered sugar.
I'm not even going to try to describe how good these beignets are.
But I tell you what...they're pretty close to Café du Monde minus the powdery mess.
Yes, they're that good here and well worth the trip to the strip.
I just rhymed for next time.
Tip #1:  The beignets are served only at the Grand Lux Café in the Palazzo.
Tip #2:  Ranked 2nd for "Best Beignets" in Las Vegas.
NOTE: Bouchon is ranked #1.
2016 Yelp Review #20
I'm a fan of Fabulous Freddy's, but think this one is just okay.
Compared to the one I frequent, this one isn't as busy at all.
My usual Fabulous Freddy's takes a little longer for a car clean and wash, but at least the job is perfecto.
Some Pros:
-Close to one of my gyms.
I can get me car washed or detailed while I shed some pounds.
-Close to Rachel's Kitchen.
I can get my eat on while they clean my car
-Quick:  One of the quicker car washes I've been to.
The Freddy's I usually go to takes a long time for your car to get cleaned.
I've even waited as much as 45 minutes for a regular detail.
Here you get your car back with the quickness.
Some Cons:
-The detail wasn't as good as the other Fabulous Freddy's.
Outside was fine, inside needed a little work.
I was in a rush on my most recent visit so I finished what they didn't when I got home.
-No real lobby.
There's outside seating to wait for your ride and a makeshift lobby between the coolers and chips.
Not much comfort inside in my opinion.
I'm not saying I won't come back.
I still think the job they do here is okay.
But if I had a choice, I will continue to go to the Freddy's I usually hit right off Craig Rd.
48 grams of protein in a dessert!!
Rain or shine, cold or hot...I always find my way to Energy Zone if I'm at the South Premium Outlets.
Located right outside the Nike entrance, you can't miss the huge Energy Zone sign.
They specialize in gelatos, smoothies, and crepes.
I'm sure they're all good, but I haven't tried their gelatos and crepes.
I think my last trip to Rome damaged my opinion to gelatos outside of Italy.
I usually make my stop here for a ready to drink meal (RTD), which is their Peanut Butter Protein Blaster.
This treat consist of Peanut Butter, Vanilla Frozen Yogurt, Bananas, Chocolate Syrup, and a scoop of Whey Protein.
I end up ditching the banana and had them add an extra scoop of protein for an additional $.59.
That's 48 grams of whey protein in a dessert.
Totally hits the spot, especially when the temperature out here starts to rise.
My only issue with this kiosk is that it's not the fastest service in the world.
It takes time to make a crepe and that's what most people get here.
My luck, I'm always behind someone that is ordering 2 to 3 crepes.
Next time you're in this outlet mall and making that decision what to eat/drink to tie you over, come try the Energy Zone.
I admit it, I'm a fan of PDQ.
I'm here for the chicken, specifically their grilled chicken.
People Dedicated to Quality is their motto and they stand by it.
There hasn't been one time that I have received less than stellar service here.
After you order, the food is served with the quickness.
Yes, I know it's fast food.
But it's "clean" fast food.
The chicken sandwich and chicken tenders are okay.
It's their grilled tenders that rock my boat.
My typical order is 12 grilled tenders for $12.50.
This is enough to feed two or just me.
Taste wise, it's equvilant to grilling chicken breast at home.
Hip Hip Hooray!!
2017 Yelp Review #4
Upper Las Vegas Wash Trail is becoming one of the places that I go for my AM walks/jogs.
Located off Centennial and Lawrence Street, this trail runs approximately 3.5 miles.
The trail is quiet during the early mornings and late nights, but somewhat busy between 3 PM and 6 PM.
I like this trail for walks and jogs in the mornings since I am usually the only fool out here.
Every once in awhile there will be a few runners and bikers, but that's okay.
Sometimes I can use the company.
Since this trail is only a few years old, it's still fairly clean.
There's not too much to see on this trail besides some parks, the wash itself, a few homes, and a few businesses.
My only gripe is that the trail runs perpendicular with side streets which means you have to stop and make sure it's clear before you cross.
Eventually this trail will meet with the Lower Las Vegas Wash, which will total about 15 miles of trail to run, jog, and walk.
TIP:   Even though Centennial Parkway/Lawrence Street is the official starting point, you can start the trail off Deer Springs.
When I first heard of Cracked Egg, I immediately thought of another breakfast joint named Broken Yolk (San Diego, CA).
Breakfast at Broken Yolk is as good as it gets, but expensive, crazy busy and with long waits.
I expected the same here, but got the opposite.
Wasn't busy for breakfast and food is decently priced.
However, another opposite is that the food was just okay, not great.
I expected Broken Yolk type servings and taste, but got more of IHOP/Denny's taste.
I'm not saying the food was horrible, it was just okay.
I had the Cheeseburger Meat Lover's Skillet.
Satisfying, but wasn't too far off from Denny's version.
Portion wasn't that big either, but not complaining about it since it wasn't over-priced.
Service was just average as well.
Seated right away, but it took a little time for our orders to get taken.
Remember, it wasn't busy.
Also a little disappointed that my water wasn't filled until after I was done eating.
Will I be back?
I might if I'm in the area.
Nothing wrong with the Cracked Egg in my opinion, just not what I expected.
Average price, average taste.
Here's my not so long review on Greens & Protein

I gave up on Greens & Protein about year ago.
I had a back experience at one of the other locations and when this one opened up, I had another bad experience.
I'm not going to go in detail to what happened because it's really a moo point (Yes, from Friends).
I gave G&P another try and sure glad I did.
There's a lot of options at G&P and the price is not too shabby.
A huge plus is the macro breakdown and most of their items are on myfitnesspal.
My favorite is their BBQ Chicken Pizza, which is less than 500 calories and packed with over 30 grams of protein.
Other favorites include their bison and ostrich.
Bottom line, Greens & Protein has become a staple for my post workout needs.
Probably the Wells Fargo Bank in Las Vegas that I hit the most.
Mainly because it's closest to my home.
I rarely need to go inside the bank unless I have to transfer money to someones account.
My visits here are either the walk up ATM or the drive thru.
This is one of the most convenient ATMs for me since there's never a line.
My only issue is the withdrawals through the drive thru ATM.
On the drive thru ATM, if you withdraw more than $100, they give you $50's instead of $20's.
Some places early in the day cannot break $50's (i.e.
Starbucks, fast food drive thru's, Friends, etc).
By the way, why do people call it an "ATM Machine"?
Isn't that redundant?
Doesn't ATM mean Automated Teller Machine?
In actuality, these people are saying they need to get money from an Automated Teller Machine Machine.
Just like PIN Number???
Things that make you go hmmm.
So, I have this buddy.
Let's just say his name is Del C.  His girlfriend booked pedicure appointments for both of them.
Her hook...they have massaging chairs here.
Her other hook...dinner will be right after.
Del was open to a good massage, good dinner, and why not get his toenails taken care of at the same time.
Del C was game and ended up getting his first pedi.
The process is simple for a pedicure;
1.
Walk in or book an appointment, which is recommended.
2.
Sit in one of their massaging chairs where you have complete control (i.e.
back, head, neck, fast, slow, etc).
3.
Let John or Christine do their thing, which is clean your feet, toes, massage your calves, and pamper your toenails.
This goes on for about an hour, but time does go quick because they manage to keep a conversation going with you.
4.
Enjoy the loving banter between John and Christine.
They are the best.
5.
Leave with the freshest/cleanest toenails in town.
Pretty simple process and the cost is only about $25 for the hour.
Not sure if this is a great price since Del has never gotten a pedi before.
Del plans on coming back because his experience was top notch.
Yes, he's a fan.
Overall, I was happy, I mean Del was happy with the pampering he just received.
PS:  FDTR (First Dude to Review)
Mountain View Bistro (Cheyenne & Tenaya)

Short Review:
Mountain View Bistro is located in the Target shopping center on Cheyenne and Tenaya.
The restaurant opened about 4 months ago and based on the reviews, it's a local favorite.
Their menu consists of mainly breakfast and burgers.
The establishment is clean and the customer service is fantastic.
I recommend the Sunrise Burger.
It's simply awesome.
Longer Review:
I'm so glad that I dined at Mountain View Bistro for lunch.
I was craving breakfast and a burger.
My decision was down to a favorite fast food joint that rhymes with Sin & Shout and one of the other local breakfast joints in the area.
I was parked in front of Mountain View Bistro and out of convenience, decided to check them out.
There wasn't a single customer here.
I had the whole place to myself.
One of the employees greeted me, handed me a menu, and gave her recommendations.
I told her what I was fiening for, which was either breakfast or a burger.
Her response "how bout both, howbow dah?"
Naw, I'm joking about the "howbow dah" part, but she did recommend the Sunrise Burger, which is both breakfast and a burger.
The Sunrise Burger is no joke.
This is a 1/2 lb.
Black Angus burger with eggs, hash browns, two thick slices of bacon, and cheese in a Brioche bun.
Keep in mind that everything I just listed is all between the bun.
The burger was also complimented with a side seasoned crinkle fries.
The burger was work of art and I confess, I was a little intimidated to eat this beast.
The burger patty itself is one of the juiciest I've had in a long time.
The BAE, cheese, and hash browns made it even better.
Craving a burger?
Craving breakfast?
The Sunrise Burger is a no brainer.
The rest of their menu consists of more burgers and a lot more breakfast eats.
And by the way, this restaurant also serves Vegetarian and Vegan burgers.
Overall, I left Mountain View Bistro very satisfied and extremely full.
The service is top notch and their Angus burger is too legit to quit.
If there's one concern, it's the fact that this place was completely empty when I dined here.
I finally found a delicious local burger close to my office.
I hope the traffic increases and business improves.
I would hate to lose a good thing.
Sunrise Burger!!!
Still a fan, especially since they deliver.
Recent Additions:
-Loco Moco w/Brown Rice:  Double patties with scrambled eggs.
Pretty good.
My favorite is from Cheeseburger (PH).
Still hits the spot.
-Fried Mahi Mahi:  Just okay.
Ordered recently because I needed to add more fish to my diet.
A fishy fish if you know what I mean, but not bad at all.
My favorites here is still their Katsu and Spam Masubi.
My opinion, better than most.
This was my first time to Burger Bar and only knew of this place from Yelp and ironically, friends from out of town.
Most of my Yelp buds gave Burger Bar good ratings, so I knew a meat feast was inevitable.
Shawn H. put out a UYE for Burger Bar and I took advantage of this opportunity.
Keep in mind that Burger Bar is located inside Mandalay Bay.
Most restaurants tend to cost a little more in a casino on the strip.
But at Burger Bar, prices are fairly cheap considering its location.
Burger Bar has a huge selection and you can also create your own burger.
These are all great call outs for a burger joint.
But first things first, I need to point out is that this visit was during Lent in which red meat is currently being sidelined.
Second, I don't drink much.
So, my review might not be a fair one at the moment because I am not reviewing Burger Bar for what they are known for, which is a burger and a bar.
This visit and rating is for their service and their Salmon Burger.
The Salmon Burger is huge at a half pound and prepared medium well.
Price is about $10 which is a good start.
However, I felt that taste was lacking and the salmon patty was dry.
I know salmon isn't flavorful in the first place, but I have had tasty salmon burgers at other restaurants (ie.
Halphen Red in San Diego).
Since I was eating 8 oz of this stuff, I at least got about 40 grams of protein and Omega 3's.
In all, I was disappointed with my salmon burger.
The service is pretty good considering that our party was fairly big.
Burger Bar is very accommodating and the staff is excellent.
You can say that the service almost cancelled out the poor taste of the salmon burger.
I have not given up on Burger Bar.
I still have their real burgers to try and based on what other Yelpers have stated already, this is what they are known for.
PS:  This was a Shawn H's UYE.
I had a great time with other Yelp friends.
Thanks again Shawn for putting this together.
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #6

Let me start this review by stating that we came here one evening for one thing and one thing only...to try their Mixed Berry Shave Ice.
5 Stars for excellent service and cool ambiance.
We didn't have any drinks or food at Andrea's so keep in mind that this review is only for their dessert and service.
Amanda M. recommended Andrea's for one of our challenges because their Mixed Berry Shave Ice had similar ingredients to Halo-Halo.
That being said, we were also open to putting a little twist to our Halo-Halo madness.
There's two sides of this review.
You got my thoughts on the Mixed Berry Shave Ice and you got Terri's.
For me, this dessert gets 5 stars for presentation alone.
What you have is a concoction of raspberries, strawberries, nata de coco, lychee's, white beans, condensed milk, lemon sorbet, and shave ice.
The only ingredients similar to Halo-Halo was the condensed milk, white beans, nata de coco, and lychee's.
Because I'm allergic to fruits, I had to dodge all the good stuff in order to taste this.
I thought it was pretty good.
You initially taste the sweetness, followed by the texture, and lastly hit with the tang of the sorbet in it.
We were also treated with 3 cones of sorbet (Blood Orange Ginger, Sake Cherry, and Chocolate Chili), which was thoughtful and appreciative.
Terri is one of the lucky souls out there that isn't allergic to fruits.
She thought that the ambiance of this place, the presentation of the dessert, the amount of the servings, and the overall taste was pretty good as well.
She also points out that compared to Halo-Halo, missing was the ube and flan.
I concur.
This dessert cost $21, which is about 4 times what Halo-Halo cost at most of the Flip joint out there.
But it's also big enough to serve two.
Terri's thoughts..."definitely an exorbitant indulgence that goes along with the price point for a place like Andrea's, but expensive for most".
Overall, this Halo-Halo hybrid was worth the try because we only live once.
Halo-Halo Challenge #6 done!!!
PS:  I couldn't give this place any less than 4 stars because I didn't try their food.
The menu looked appealing and not everything on the menu was over the top.
I may come back just to try their sushi.
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:
Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
Contender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:self
Contender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ
Contender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self
Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw
Contender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg
Contender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA
Contender #8 (Fiesta Filipina):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
First time and wasn't disappointed.
Located right next to Gold's Gym, it's the obvious place to go for your post-workout carbs.
Met here with friends Ian A, Sugi S, Shirley B, and Terri R after a session at Gold's.
We were immediately seated and got our orders in.
Ramen Sora and Fukumimi are my only other ramen joints that I have hit out here in Vegas.
So far, I would still have Sora as my favorite with Monta coming in at a very close second.
Others may think differently, but this is my review and it's my opinion.
My ramen of choice at Monta was the Shoyo Ramen w/two extra eggs.
This is my favorite type of ramen...silky, thick, and the broth was perfect.
The eggs were cut in half, which gave the extra taste and protein.
Taste of my ramen is very similar to what you get at Sora.
I didn't try anything else because I was trying to save room for dessert.
Come to think of it, I didn't even finish my ramen.
The rest of the group ordered a mixed bag.
I'm sure it was good for them too because everything was demolished.
The restaurant itself is small, like Fukumimi.
This wasn't huge deal because it wasn't busy at the time.
But be warned, it got super busy after we left.
Overall, I have to give Monta 4 stars because of service, quality eats, and close to one of my gyms.
Shoyo Ramen:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6LwMtLgpCwomsUr33D20yg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Ladle Time:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6PsmOnbsmGNG5u4lUW6U-A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Me, Terri R, and Alicia R recently hit this place up for dessert.
The original plan was Claim Jumper but since we were all tired out from dinner, something light like boba was good enough to hit the spot, catch up on the week, and hang out.
Nothing beats dessert and great convo with some of my favorite people (i.e.
the Wonder Twins).
I had their Cappuccino Blast with double boba.
The boba was consistent and the drink itself was pretty good.
For a Lollicup, I was actually surprised that there was a little coffee kick to it.
Usually their drinks are just okay and powdery.
But not on this visit.
This Lollicup has your regular after lunch and dinner treats like smoothies, milk teas, and boba.
I prefer my boba from places like No 1 Boba, Icy Juicy, and the Perfect Scoop.
But when you're in the mood for a cold refreshment with boba and you're in Town Square, then Lollicup is one of those places that needs to be visited.
The drinks here are average, but will still hit the spot.
What makes this Lollicup different from the rest of the Lollicups out there is the that this one is a basically a little stand meaning there's really no place to chill.
You simply put your order in and wait for them to serve it.
The drinks here aren't bad at all, just not the best I've had.
I'm not giving Lollicup 3 Stars because it was bad.
It's just average to what you'll find around town.
Cappuccino Blast w/Boba:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lollicup-coffee-and-tea-las-vegas?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ#Wj5nK6zMi1zi92pQ8hks3Q
My family would love Thelma's and give them 5 stars.
Me...not that much.
Tough for me to give Thelma's more than 4 stars because I am really picky when it comes to Filipino Food.
I grew up on this food and still think dad's cooking is 2nd to none.
I'm also from San Diego and lived 15 minutes from National City.
If you know National City, you know that's there's Tita's Kitchenette, Zarlito's, and Point Point Joint.
All tough acts to follow.
I still give this place 4 stars for the clean restaurant, great service, selection, and decent food.
Out of everything I've tried here, I have to say that their Adobo Fried Rice is very good.
Sometimes service takes awhile and sometimes it's quick.
Located on the opposite end from where I live so its tough to even find the energy to drive out here for their food.
But if I'm in the area and in the mood for their Adobo Fried Rice, I will definitely make a stop.
Wish List:  Too bad they don't have Chicken BBQ on a stick.
One of those things I miss and have yet to find a good one out here.
Delta is really my only choice when I'm flying out to Ohio.
It's at least the choice my travel department always makes for me.
Because I never see the bill when I travel to Columbus, it's tough for me to review them poorly.
Giving Delta just an average rating for the following reasons;

1.
Poor Seating:  There's minimal room on these planes and if you're sitting in the middle, good luck with that.
As we speak, I'm on the plane right now smack in middle.
Arms getting sore just typing this review out on my iPad.
2.
Ventilation: I know, most planes have poor air flow.
But it's ridiculously stuffy up in here.
3.
No food, at least with sustenance.
I remember back in the day everyone got boxed meals on these flights.
Good thing I packed two meals.
4.
Layovers:  Probably not Delta's issue.
But it seems like I have the worst layover every time I fly out east.
Nothing is worse than flying 4 hours, stop somewhere for an hour, then take another hour to fly to your final destination.
Works a lot better if I just had a direct flight.
Some Good:
1.
Always made it to my destination safe.
2.
Wifi is cheaper than most flights.
$10 for 3 hours, $17 for all day.
3.
Nice employees.
I once even shared a Starbucks with one of them during these layovers.
Just trying to mix up my cardio and hitting up parks lately.
When it comes to any park, it's tough not to be a fan.
This park is quiet during the day.
But once 5 PM hits, it gets pretty busy.
This park is off Aliante Parkway in between Nature Park & Deer Springs.
You can chose to off Deer Springs or Nature Park.
Both will get busy, but the Nature Park side fills up quickly.
There's plenty to do here;
-Huge grass fields, both flat and hills
-Picnic Area
-Duck ponds (just watch, no feeding and definitely no swimming)
-Outdoor tennis courts
-Outdoor sand volleyball
-Playground

I need to comment on the playground.
It's fenced in for children's safety and it gets packed.
This is where everyone goes.
You got kids running around enjoying while their parents sit in the middle benches either talking with each other or messing with their phones.
Tons for kids to do at this park and if I still had a little one, we'd go here for sure.
Sorry, didn't take pictures this time around.
The main reason for hitting up this park was simple.
I needed to hit the ATM, get gas, and wanted to throw a quick 3 mile run in.
Aliante Nature Discovery Park was perfect for my needs since there is a gas station across the street and my bank.
I circled the park, which is exactly .75 miles if you stay on the path.
After one orbit, I took my running to the streets.
Overall, not a bad park and I'm sure I'll be back if I ever need gas, money, and a quick run again.
Omelet House - Summerlin, Las Vegas

Just let me get their customer service out of way first.
The Omelet House has superb customer service.
There's never been a wait, the entire staff is great, and the food is served with the quickness.
Omelet House has been around for a couple of years now.
They serve breakfast, lunch, and Italian food.
I have yet to try any of their Italian dishes, but I have tried their breakfast and burgers.
Of course, the highlight is their omelets.
The Omelet House has a long list of omelets ranging from your basic cheese to their everything omelet dubbed "The Kitchen Sink".
They have close to 25 different omelets with cool names to them.
Their omelets come with two slices of bread and potato chips.
Honestly, I've never been a huge fan of potato chips with my omelets, but always end up eating them anyway.
Omelet House has an extensive list of other food options.
But let's be real.
This is the Omelet House.
I'm getting omelets.
Besides, I was born to eat omelets.
My name is even in the word omelet.
Overall, I'm a fan.
I'm just surprised that I haven't dined here more often.
MY FAVORITES:
-Meat Lover's ($11.99):  Made with at least 6 eggs, a ton of cheese, bacon, ham, sausage, and ground beef.
This is my go-to omelet.
6 eggs is a lot, especially when it's stuffed with a bunch of protein.
Get this if you want to be full.
-Double Yolk Burger ($12.95): I'm not a huge fan of the bun, but love the rest.
This burger is two 1/2 lb.
patties of lean Angus beef, bacon, American cheese, Thousand Island dressing, and an egg.
Keep in mind that their burgers are leaner, which to some may mean less taste.
I think it's perfect.
TIP #1:  They serve Italian food.
I never noticed the Italian food on the menu.
TIP #2:  Their omelets are made with 6 large eggs.
If this is too big, you can get their half order.
They only take off a $1.
So, I recommend that you get a full order.
Best bang for your buck!
TIP #3:  Their chili with cheese is packed with a lot of cheese.
Not bad.
Good if you got chili cravings.
TIP #4:  Restaurant is a lot larger in the inside than it appears from the outside.
TIP #5:  Opens at 7:00 AM.
Closes at 7:00 PM.
When I first moved out here, I would say that I was here on average of every other week.
Obviously came for the drinks, ambiance, and sometimes their food.
But keep in mind, food here is basically appetizers.
I have to admit, their seared Ahi is too legit to quit.
My last time here was Halloween this year.
I had to pay $20 to get in while my friends only had to pay $10 (ladies got it good).
Regardless, not use to having to pay to get in, but I guess that's Hello Ween for you.
Place was packed as expected inside and out.
Everyone was in costumes and after a couple of drinks, it got a bit old.
Drinks are fairly cheap considering...far cheaper than a club or a gentleman's club.
I use to come here prior to hitting the strip just because their drinks are cheaper.
One note though, sometimes their drinks are watered down.
Let them know, and they'll take care of it.
Just don't forget to tip.
I don't frequent this place as much as I did about a year ago, but it's a nice visit every once in awhile.
Place is usually locals, but I do recommend for tourist.
A nice change for sure.
I Love Rice!
I Love The Rice Shop!!
Chef Tony Zappola took rice bowls to another level.
I have had this review on draft for a very, very long time.
I was just too afraid to post it because I fear that the whole world will rush over here, then there will be long lines, then the prices will go up, and then I can't have them for myself.
I know, I'm a little selfish.
Speaking of fish, the Kentucky Fried Fish is amazing and is currently my favorite item here.
The secret to Chef Tony's Kentucky Fried Fish is the large pieces of double-breaded cod.
I don't know how he manages to keep this dish crispy without the grease.
And at the same time, the fish is still as flaky as it gets.
I would eat this dish Kamayan Style (with my hands only) if no one was looking.
Heck, that's the best way to eat this dish.
I have also tried their shrimp, short ribs, and Mochiko Chicken.
The shrimp and short ribs is good.
I recommend the Mochiko Chicken if it's your first time here.
You can't go wrong with the Mochiko Chicken at The Rice Shop.
Like the Kentucky Fried Fish, this dish is also breaded to perfection and the serving is huge.
If you're torn between the fish or the chicken, then do what I do and get both.
My typical order is their Kentucky Fried Fish with an extra side of Mochiko Chicken.
It's the best of both worlds.
I can't end a review about The Rice Shop and not mention the rice.
I know it's just rice and anyone can cook rice.
Trust me, there's something special about the rice at The Rice Shop.
It is so good and may possibly be the secret to The Rice Shop's success.
Bottom line, 5 stars all the way for The Rice Shop.
You won't find long lines or expensive dishes here.
Simply put...you'll only find some of the best fish and chicken bowls at a very low price.
2017 Yelp Review #59
Some call it a tourist trap..  Maybe they're right.
Been here about 5 times when I didn't live out here.
Since I moved here, been here only once.
Yep, I was trapped.
Food is okay, nothing to brag about.
However, their Volcano Nachos is probably the best nachos on the strip.
Only came our here for the nachos and drinks.
You get some entertainment while you're here.
Once the song "Cheeseburger in Paradise" comes on the party starts.
All the excitement last about 15 minutes.
Not bad and it really can be entertaining.
However, after about an hour and seeing the same routine 3 times, it get's a bit old.
Not a bad place to have a few drinks.
But for food, not my first pick in the area.
Had this one bookmarked once I heard this location was opening soon.
Didn't even realize it was walking distance from the gym that I hit from time to time.
Also didn't realize that it finally opened.
First visit was a couple of weeks ago and didn't put in a review because all I had was their Peanut Butter Blaster.
I had this minus the banana and added a scoop of whey protein.
Simply delicious and a perfect post-workout since there's at least 30 grams of protein between the scoop and peanut butter.
Had their Smoked Turkey and Avocado Sandwich on my most recent visit.
I had the avocado deleted and it was perfect.
Usually a turkey sandwich anywhere is bland unless you have condiments.
This sandwich wasn't.
The smoked turkey is a good touch and so good that I can't wait to come back for more.
Friend of mine had their Curry Chicken Salad.
She loved it and killed it so I know it was good.
Rachel's Kitchen has a lot to offer.
From oat meals to burgers, smoothies to healthy sandwiches, you really can't go wrong dining here.
Service is great as usual and the restaurant is clean.
With this location so close to one of my gyms, I'm sure that I'll be back very very soon.
Word!!!
Today was craving Salmon or Tilapia for lunch.
Was in the area and I see the sign "50% Suishi".
Well, that got me and decided to stop here.
Let's start with the staff...all pretty good.
Only issue I had is when I first got here.
The place wasn't busy at all and they told me to sit anywhere.
The first place I chose, they told me to move.
The second seat I chose, they still told me to move.
I guess it's sit where you like except here, here, here, or here.
Finally seated in a little corner/cubby type area.
They wanted me close to the sushi chef.
Let's look at the price.
AYCE is about $20 for lunch, which is average to everyone other Sushi Restaurant out here.
If you are getting just one or two rolls, it's cheaper to get their 50% off sushi.
I have to admit, their 50% sushi is cheap.
One of trhe cheapest I've seen in town.
Reviewed the menu and decided on 3 different rolls and some calamari.
Did the math and it was cheaper if I got the AYCE.
My Complaints:  Bottom line, you get what you pay for.
-Calamari:  It was a full serving.
I expected your typical tiny fried calamari that you find at sushi restaurants.
But it was so greasy that I thought I was eating onion rings.
The calamari was also served with sweet and sour sauce, which I was not use to.
-Sushi:  Had the Spider Roll, Red Rock, and Tiger Roll.
I was a bit disappointed.
All rolls were loose and all had more rice than substance.
I don't know about you, but sushi shouldn't be eaten with a spoon.
The rolls would break at the slight touch, that you had no choice but to use a spoon/fork.
You know the rolls are loose when it's even served to you broken up.
Taste wasn't the best either.
Not sure if it was not fresh or was it due to me having better in other places.
-Dessert:  Wanted the Fried Vanilla Ice Cream, but the place was out of vanilla ice cream.
C'mon man.
I did not have a great experience here.
But I will still try them at least one more time.
Looking at the menu, their steaks look good and are pricey.
The Tepan Yaki looks to be their specialty.
This review may not be a fair one since I had not tried these.
If my experience changes, then I will change my review.
Virgin on Virgin America Airlines no more.
Virgin is one of the few airlines that has a ton of 4+ Stars.
After flying the friendly skies with them, I agree.
Virgin Airlines is breath of fresh air compared to my usual Southwest Airlines.
There's more leg room, plenty of space for luggage, seats & your toys, comfortable seating, and the highlight for me...TV.
It's not DIRECTV, but it's free and you can watch the news, football, ESPN, or get caught up on your soaps while heading to your next destination.
If there's an issue that I have with Virgin, it's that bags don't fly free like Southwest.
PS:  Upon landing, I love how they inform the passengers which baggage claim to go to.
Southwest doesn't do this.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (441/500)
I'll give Yummy Sushi (Lake Mead location) 4 stars for now.
Giving a strong rating mainly because I am a fan of their Henderson location.
This is my first visit to this location and still have yet a lot to try here.
Was in the area and Stephanie S. invited me over for some sushi.
Because I just had In-N-Out two hours earlier, I didn't eat much just their yellow tail nigiri, tuna nigiri, and a shrimp tempura hand roll.
All weren't that bad, but was a little skeptical with the yellowtail since I'm use to them having a lighter color to them.
I also thought that both nigiri's were small compared to the Henderson location.
This location is smaller and busier than the Henderson location.
This location is also closer to me so I see myself coming back.
I still have my favorites from the other location like their shashimi, halibut, and even their Loco Moco.
I'm looking forward to try them at this location.
Been here a half dozen times.
I've tried the Mediterranean food, but actually prefer the Italian food here.
Usually here with friends, but came alone a couple of times and still had a good time.
Don't know why, but the place reminds me of Firefly minus the crowds and minus the tapas.
Hookahs not bad and the food/drink prices pretty damn good.
One time a group of 9 of us, total bill (food, hookah, and drinks) was less than $250.
Can't beat that.
Staff is great, very attentive.
Another Ramen house in Vegas and I'm sorry to say, I wasn't too impressed with the ramen.
I didn't have ramen as my main meal, but tried some of Terri R's.
Maybe I don't know what a good bowl of ramen is.
Maybe I'm just too loyal to Sora and Monta.
But one thing that disappointed me about Koraku's ramen is that it was lacking that silky and creamy taste.
Actually, it was lacking flavor all together.
This is just my opinion.
Other people may like ramen with almost no taste.
But all wasn't lost on my visit here.
My main meal was their Ground Beef Steak and a side of their Mini Menchi Katsu.
I felt both were pretty good.
Ground Beef Steak:  This was served with Hayashi sauce.
This was pretty much a Loco Moco minus the eggs, but you can get eggs with this.
The sauce was made the way it's suppose to be (i.e.
thick, somewhat tangy, and all over the place).
I'm not huge fan of this and end up brushing a lot of the sauce to the side.
Other than that, I thought my meal was filling and flavorful.
This had more of a Salisbury steak taste to it than a ground beef taste, in my opinion.
Mini Menchi Katsu:  This was basically two mini hamburger patties that's breaded and deep fried.
Think of the texture and initial taste of a chicken katsu, but with a ground beef taste to.
Wasn't bad at all, just bad for you.
The restaurant wasn't too busy and the service was great.
We had a lot of food, but again, I wasn't too impressed with their ramen.
But I could still see myself coming back for the other food on their menu.
Cafe Rio - Centennial (2017 Yelp Review #237)

I gave up on In-N-Out for Lent.
So, you know what that means.
That means I'm eating more chicken and salmon.
Café Rio has both.
My meals at Café Rio is a couple of servings of their Fire'd Grilled Chicken w/Cheese or a couple sides of their Salmon.
Don't expect too much from their salmon filets.
It's usually over-cooked and a lot of the nutrients is visibly cooked off.
Taste wise, it's okay.
I'll usually stick to just the chicken and cheese.
This dish is very good and sure beats chicken breast from home.
You can also make it a "healthier" burrito by substituting their white tortilla with wheat.
Or, do what I do and just skip the starches and make it protein beast.
The ordering process is simple and quick.
The lines are rarely long and the staff is efficient.
I am a fan of Café Rio.
They have been a lifesaver during Lent.
The Joint is located inside the Hard Rock.
I recently watched a bodybuilding competition here and felt that the venue was perfect for this type of an event.
The stage, the lighting, and the seating was adequate.
In fact, there wasn't a bad seat in the house.
The Joint is a little small, but perfect if you're attending a physique or bodybuilding show.
The rest rooms are clean and the bar is huge.
If I had one complaint, it's the ticket and admission lines.
The Joint should really think about having a separate line for guest that paid in advance.
You gotta love these locally owned cafes.
I sure do, especially when it's in Old Henderson.
With a ton of coffee shops that boomed in the last 10 years like Starbucks and Coffee Bean, it's a breath of fresh air to see one of these older cafes still around.
Coo Coo's is definitely one of those hidden gems in the area.
Known for smoothies, coffee, deserts, and sandwiches.
It's actually their boba, that I came in for.
I was in the area and met up with T-Elite for a quick boba fix.
To be honest, I needed to break that "2:30 feeling".
I had their Almond Smoothie w/Boba to do exactly that.
This treat was creamy and tasted exactly like almonds.
Imagine the initial taste of an Almond Roca.
Now imagine the taste and feel of boba immediately after that Almond Roca taste.
Well, that's exactly what you get here.
Simply delicious!!
There is a wide selection of different sandwiches that you can get here.
Coo Coo's is small and can house a couple of groups inside, but there's also seating outside.
I say take advantage when the weather is good and eat outside.
I'm in this area at least once a month usually for work, the Henderson Police Department, and to visit both Wonder Twins (aka Alicia R and Terri R).
When in the area and if I'm in the mood for boba, I know Coo Coo's will be there to satisfy my cravings.
Served is one of my favorite spots for breakfast and brunch.
I would actually be here a lot more if it wasn't located in the boondocks (i.e.
Henderson, NV).
Chef Matt is the best and don't be surprised if he leaves the kitchen to check up on you.
He's a really nice man, very generous, and passionate about his customers.
The service from his staff is just as good too.
The menu consist of an American style breakfast with an Islander twist to it.
My Favorites:
-The Breakfast Sandwich ($10) - One of the best breakfast egg sandwiches that I have ever had.
-The Ono Wings and Rice ($10)
-Longsilog (Filipino Breakfast / $10) - 3 eggs, longanisa, & garlic fried rice.
-The BAM Breakfast ($11) - 2 pancakes, 2 bacon, 3 eggs, toast, & potatoes.
-Asada Steak & Eggs
-The Miso Pork Belly Burger
-Chicken Breast ($5) - Not on the menu, but he'll serve it if you ask for it.
Servings are huge and expect to get a lot for your money.
Almost everything on the menu is $10 or less.
Nothing is more than $15.
Chef Matt has talent, he's very humble, and I recommend Served if you're ever in the area for breakfast/brunch.
Wish List:  Bring back some of the dinner options.
Chef Matt attempted to open for dinner a couple of months ago.
He served dishes ranging from salmon to steak.
I had the opportunity to try most of his dinner entrees and all were on point.
The filet mignon with foie gras is amazing and the price was less than $40.
It's just too bad that he ended up squashing dinner.
Filet mignon for brunch?
Sold!!!
2017 Yelp Review #20
Fiesta is just okay.
And when I mean okay, I'm not necessarily sending my out of town friends/family to Fiesta for the Las Vegas experience.
Really not much at this casino.
It's small, it's very smokey, and there's really not much to eat here.
But they have slots and everyone loves slots.
Everybody that gambles, that is.
I haven't done much gambling or even eating here, but have started to frequent this place strictly for their sports book.
I'm at this side of town almost weekly and find that Fiesta is one of the more convenient locations to place a quick football wager.
Parking is easy and the casino usually isn't busy.
There...The End.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (477/500)
Fall of Atlantis Show (Forum Shops of Caesar's Palace)

I'm not going as far as stating that this show should be titled the "Fail of Atlantis".
Way too many Yelpers done that already.
But I do agree with most of them that the show lacks a lot of substance and the animatronics is weak.
If you plan on watching the show and do not want to know what happens, then skip to paragraph 2 pronto.
The show stars King Atlas and his two children.
His daughter and son are basically pleading to Pops their case for being the next ruler of Atlantis by showing off their water and fire skills.
The Gods eventually get annoyed with their bickering and destroy Atlantis.
Everyone dies.
I really got into the show and really wanted King Atlas' son to take the throne.
Dude's fire skills is no joke.
No one wins.
Not even the city of Atlantis.
This is paragraph 2.
The entire show last about 10 minutes and showtimes is every hour on the hour.
People come in masses to watch this show and in my opinion, the animatronics can use a few acting lessons.
But heck, it's free.
Boba has become a weekly stop for me recently.
I still remember moving out here looking for that boba stop and with No1 Boba Tea, I think I found one of my favorites.
After dinner with Shirley B one evening, we decided that we had to stop at No1 because of;

A) It's one of Shirley B's regular stops
B) Just had dinner and dessert is needed
C) Was told that this location was bigger, newer, and just as good as Chinatown's

This No1 is located off Eastern Ave and carries the same line of boba drinks that the Chinatown location carries.
One big difference is that this No1 Boba carries food and the Chinatown location carries dried fruits.
If you ask me, I prefer the food over the fruits.
I didn't differ from my usual type of boba drink and opted for No 49 which is their Peanut Butter.
For some reason, this drink tasted a little different than the Chinatown location.
This was still creamy and I thought that the Chinatown location was thicker.
Also, the boba here was a lot warmer here.
But one things for sure, there was a bigger peanut butter kick at this No1 Boba Tea.
I guess when it comes to boba in general, it really depends who's making it.
Overall, I'm a fan of No1 Boba.
I can see why Shirley B makes a regular stop here.
No 49 (Peanut Butter Banana minus the banana):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/no1-boba-tea-las-vegas?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ#f6BAUocFAQdwVKFp5DS0bw
Straight From Philly - Henderson, NV

I've been to Straight From Philly's original location off Stephanie St. a few years ago.
Honestly, I wasn't a huge fan and in my opinion, felt that their cheesesteaks were more greasy than tasty.
So, when this location opened, I was in no rush to check them out.
My co-worker has been wanting to try this place and I finally gave in.
I was in the area and my co-worker wanted something greasy and fatty.
We decided to dine at Straight From Philly because greasy and fatty is exactly what you're going to get here.
I opted for their Da' Beefy Burger, which is basically a pastrami burger.
My co-worker got their cheesesteak.
The highlight of my meal was the pastrami and the overall size of my burger.
The bun was cold and the patty was just okay.
But there is some good news.
The customer service is excellent.
The staff did a great job explaining the menu, handling customers, and keeping our drinks full.
Price for almost everything on their menu is better than average and they hook it up.
Overall, Straight From Philly is just okay.
I don't have much of a sweet tooth, so a place like Pink Box never made it on my Yelp Bucket List (i.e.
a bookmark).
But I get it.
If you do have a sweet tooth and specifically a love for a good donut, then Pink Box Doughnuts may be your final destination for that ever-tasting, "forget the rest" type donut.
Here, you'll find what I call "exotic" donuts.
These are donuts that you won't find at a Krispy Kreme, Dunkin Donuts, and Winchell's.
The donuts here are over the top and just looking at one of these creations can give you a toothache.
My normal donut of choice is a simple glazed or maple bar.
But I didn't hit up Pink Box for something as vanilla as that.
So, I opted for their Nutty Pig.
This donut is all in the name.
Nutty for the almonds and dates.
Pig is for the bacon bit that's thrown in.
Now add these toppings to a custard filled glazed donut.
Viola!..the Nutty Pig is born.
Fairly sized, but i still managed to eat this thing in less than 5 bites.
Definitely sugar overload for me, definitely a great treat for someone with a sweet tooth.
The staff here is great.
At least 5 employees were here at the time and at least 4 of them welcomed us.
Pink Box is not the biggest donut shop, but huge on taste.
For someone that doesn't frequent a donut shop, I gots to say "I'm a fan".
Henderson Multigenerational Center is basically a rec center located off Green Valley in the Henderson area.
Because I live about 25 minutes away, I probably will not be here too often.
But it's also not uncommon for me to drive to different gyms in Vegas throughout the week to mix it up.
Parking is small, but not an issue in the mornings.
The track is free and that's why I go here.
Features:
-Full size indoor basketball court
-Olympic size pool
-Fitness room with cardio and weight machines
-Dance classes.
I need to see the Hot Hula Class in action.
I said see, not participate.
-Yoga classes
-Pool tables and ping pong tables
-Small track
-Rock climbing wall
-Kitchen classes

I was actually surprised with the size of this place and all the features.
If I'm working on my cardio (which I hate) and in the area, I will make it a point to get a quick workout HMC.
During the summer, the pool will definitely come in handy for a couple quick laps.
Overall, Henderson Multigenerational Center is a great change of pace for me.
I prefer to hit the weights, but know that cardio is just as important.
I see myself coming back.
Most likely really soon.
What can I say about Le Burger Brasserie?
It's just okay, in my opinion.
A friend and I didn't have burgers on our dinner agenda, but when you're hungry you do what you got to do.
Let's start with the positives...
-No wait
-Served quick
-Service was great
-Le Saumon Salmon (their salmon burger).
I had this on my most recent visit and was actually surprised.
I've had their burgers before and rather stick to a good old fashion American burger.
However, their salmon was pretty tasty, on the healthier side, and packed with protein.
Not complaining here.
Just Okay...
-The rest of their burgers.
I've had their Le Kobe Burger and Sliders on past visits.
Let's just say that I wasn't too impressed, especially since their known for burgers
-Menu Selection
-Price

Overall,  I really don't have too many negatives.
I rather go elsewhere for a burger.
Ironically, their salmon is pretty good.
It's been so long since I watched a movie at this theater.
Not that I don't like watching movies, I do.
I just never get the opportunity.
My daughter who visits about 4 times a year has even been to this theater more times than me.
So what have I been missing?
-Nice, clean, and spacious movie theater
-Not busy, not crowded movie theater
-Snack Bar:  Nothing really healthy and regardless how full I am already, I always manage to buy something.
NOTE:  Food is delivered to you if there's a wait
-IMAX
-Comfortable, clean, and reclining seats
-A party room.
That's what you get at Aliante's Regal.
That's what I've been missing.
I think it's time to take advantage of this place and watch another movie.
PS: I need to get a Regal Rewards card.
$5 Tuesdays!!
$5 Smoothies!!
Any Flavor!!!
Any Size!!!
Nuff Said!!!
First things first, Bodi Cafe is owned by Ms. Olympia Legend, Iris Kyle, and 2016's 212 Arnold Classic Champion, Hide Yamagishi.
Iris is down to earth, a sweet heart, and one of the nicest people that you will ever meet.
That being said, you must give Bodi Café a try.
Bodi Cafe is located inside City Athletic off Sahara.
You'll find protein packed smoothies, supplements, pre-packed meals, and gym accessories here.
In my opinion, Bodi Café has the best protein smoothies in town.
My go to drink is their 32 oz.
Italian Phoenix, which consists of 20 ounces of liquid egg whites, 2 scoops of protein, and crushed espresso beans.
I know.
I know.
You're salivating just thinking about all them egg whites.
Don't be ashamed.
I'm salivating too.
The Italian Phoenix is worth it.
Bottom line, you need to get your butt here, especially after a workout.
Done!
TIP:  They sell Versa Gripps here.
2016 Yelp Review #38
I've always been a fan of Capriotti's and still think that they have some of the best cheese steaks in Las Vegas.
This particular Cap is located in North Las Vegas in the Home Depot shopping center.
It's a small restuarant with limited tables/chairs inside and a few more outside.
Cap sells their sandwiches in 3 sizes; 9 inch, 12 inch, and their monster 20 inch.
I have friends that recommend the Bobbi (turkey and cranberry) and their Capastrami (their pastrami swiss).
I am told both these sandwiches are really good.
However, I've yet to try either.
I've only tried two different subs here; they're steak/cheese and chicken/cheese.
Both meats are thinly sliced, seasoned, and coated in melted cheese.
I usually have both sandwiches plain so that I can savor the meats more.
You can't go wrong with either sandwich.
Simply state, both are delicious.
Service is not bad at all and really depends on how busy they are.
Between 11:30 AM and 1 PM, this place can be a madhouse.
Cap is little more pricey compared to say 
Subway, but the food here is much better.
When I first moved out here and finally got settled in, St. Joseph's Husband of Mary was my Catholic Church that I would usually go to.
It was a farther drive from home, but it's the only one I knew to go to.
I recently started attending Mass here after Terri R. suggested trying SEAS out.
She's been a parishioner here for a long time now and if it's good enough for her, then it works for me.
It shouldn't matter and it doesn't matter how big, nice, or convenient a church is for you to practice your religion.
But if it does matter for you, this church is all of those things.
This looks like my new church and plan on registering soon.
TIP:
-Mass schedules are online

-Parking is pretty good for normal Mass.
For Ash Wednesday, it was packed so I assume the rest of the special days are the same.
Do what others do, they all park backwards for easy access out.
Railroad Tunnel Trail

The Railroad Tunnel Trail is one of our favorites.
Almost any skill levels can do this hike.
You can access this trail from either the Hoover Dam or the Alan Bible Visitor Center.
From the visitor center, the trail leads you through a couple historic tunnels and eventually the Hoover Dam.
The tunnels are cool.
Seriously, it's cold and dark inside the tunnels.
And if you get lucky, you may see a few bats.
The views from the trail include Boulder Beach, Lake Mead, and of course, the historic huge dam named after President Hoover.
I highly recommend this hike to anyone.
It's not too far from Sin City and well worth the trip.
TIP:  The total distance from the visitor center is about 4 miles or 8 miles round trip.
2017 Hike Review #16 / 2017 Yelp Review #118
Not worth the visit!!
There, review done.
Seriously...nothing to expect here.
This indoor swap meet really had nothing to offer, at least for me.
Located between Rancho and Washington, this swap meet is small and your basic vendor type swap meet.
You can find some printed T's, jewelry, phone accessories, shoes, and luggage.
However, most of the merch are really poor quality and knock offs.
To be honest, the prices aren't even that great.
Parking is at least easy and admission is free.
I'm sure that there's something for someone here, but not something for everyone.
Meep Meep!!
That was my first thought when I first walked into Patisserie Manon for their macarons.
I remember being out on the golf course in Palm Springs a few years back.
I remember seeing a bunch of mini-birds running across the fairway.
I asked my friend, what the heck is that?
He stated, those are what you call a Road Runner.
Funny, that was my first time to ever see a Road Runner in real life and never expected them to be so small.
Yes, I was one of those that thought a Road Runner was the height of an ostrich.
I guess I watched too many cartoons as a child.
Now fast forward to my first macaron.
The only thing I ever knew about a macaron was what I've seen in pictures or what I've seen on Yelp.
I honestly expected a macaron to be the size of a burger slider.
You can now see why I thought of "Meep Meep" when I first walked into Patisserie Manon.
I didn't expect a macaron to be so small, like a Road Runner.
Small, but huge on taste.
These little road runners tasted so good and I don't even have a sweet tooth.
Tried their Orange, Lemon, Cherry, Blueberry, Cafe, Vanilla, and Caramel.
All were good and would have to say that Caramel had to be my favorite.
These little treats are served cold and if not kept cool, will begin to break apart.
Because they are bite size and so tasty, it was easy to finish the box.
Sorry Honey, Daddy still left you a few.
You snooze, you lose litte girl!!
Service was great and the ambiance reminds me of a cafe.
But not like one of those fast paced cafes ala Starbucks, but one where you can kick it and enjoy your macaron.
The macarons have a certain bite or kick to them.
You will notice it a few seconds after your first gobble.
Their other desserts also looked good, but I didn't try them.
Maybe on my next visit.
Thanks Yelpers...you guys got me here.
You guys helped me realize that I actually have a sweet tooth.
Now looking forward for my next Road Runner, I mean Macaron.
And of course, I recommend.
Meep Meep!!
In the last 2 years, I have probably been to this specific IHOP about 10 times.
If you're ever in this exact area, you know how tough of a neighborhood this place can be.
But I find myself out here often and when it comes to finding a place to feed my belly, sometimes IHOP will just have to do.
First of all, this place gets pretty busy on Fridays.
I think most of my visits here have all been on a Friday.
Known for their pancakes, but they are just okay.
What I actually come here for is their Steak Omelet with hash browns extra crispy.
Not the healthiest breakfast/brunch, not the tastiest, but still enough to satisfy me until my next meal.
Service is spotty at best in my opinion.
They have someone that serves strictly drinks and another person for food.
Nothing can be more frustrating than being hungry, wondering what their specials are, and the person that first serves you drinks telling you that they don't know.
My other issue is that their diet Pepsi machine is always down.
At least it has been down my last 3 visits.
Overall, I have to give it 3 stars.
Tough to give them any lower since I eat here so often.
If you're ever in the Centennial area, you know what I mean when I say that there's a ton of restaurants all in a 1 mile radius here.
In fact, there's really no need to ever leave the shopping center if you're hungry.
But here's the issue, most of the restaurants are franchise or corporate owned.
So, it's obvious that I was pleased that Chef Marc's Novecento Pizzeria opened out here.
Less than a year since they opened, I finally got a chance to eat here.
I am a pizza fan, but don't get the opportunity too often.
So when a lunch with a bunch of Yelp friends at Novecento came up, we weren't passing on it.
We didn't partake in the $25 all you can Yelp eat.
We ended up sharing a pizza and side of meatballs.
Lets start with the meatballs.
This was a meal in itself.
A lot of peeps rave about their homemade sauce, but for me it's all about the meatball.
No fillers here.
Each meatball is packed with flavor and protein.
You can actually get full from a couple of these bad boys.
As for the pizza, we shared their Margherita, which you can consider as a guiltless type pizza.
Not much on it, except for pure taste of Naples.
Taste, texture, and portions are more than enough.
Now here's the bonus, half the pizza is only about 370 calories.
This means zero guilt when I ate my half of this pie.
I'm a fan of a great tasting, authentic as it gets, pizza.
Novecento definitely did not disappoint.
Novecento also offers a bunch of other pizzas and if you can't decide on which, then opt for the build-your-own.
When I'm in the mood for some good pie, I know where to go when I'm in the Centennial area.
Novecento, you rock!
Margherita Pizza:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=IQFOd8_iKT4Gt5DUML0OLw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Margherita Pizza (Nutritional Value):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Meatballs:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6bu7cj-ZAnL-bSvQPw18Ww&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
I can't remember the last time I ate at a food court.
So, I expected the worse and ended up with a deal.
If you're at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets North and you're hungry, then be prepared for a very minimal selection.
It's a good thing places like the Green Leaf is around.
Service was good and the line was short.
I got their Spinach Salad with 3 sides of chicken.
Yup...this was a lot of pollo and it sure hit the spot.
For $7.99, I got a deal.
Call it a steal.
My meal was fresh and the chicken was edible.
The next time I'm at the outlets and the it's time to feed, Green Leaf and Beyond is where you'll find me.
I guess it's all about location, location, location.
I've been to the Centennial location about 3 times and in those times, I thought that the food was just okay with less than average service.
This time and at the location near Summerlin, I had a different experience.
First of all, the service is completely different here.
From start to finish, I thought that the servers and check out was easy as can be.
As for the food, I decided on trying something different since I wasn't a huge fan of their skillets in the past.
This time I decided on their Cracked Croissant.
This is their breakfast sandwich that consist of a huge buttery croissant, eggs your way, choice of cheese, and choice of meat.
I had this with turkey bacon and let me tell you, this meal way to start the day.
My croissant was so big that I ate it with a knife and a fork (my favorite utensil).
The sandwich was buttery, tasty, and even had enough macros to satisfy my daily needs.
Trust me...unsure of what to get here?
At $10.95 with hash browns, try their Cracked Croissant.
PS:  Only issue was with their hash browns.
I wanted it cooked extra crispy.
They dropped the ball on this one, but my croissant more than made up for it.
Rise & Shine - A Steak & Egg Place

What came first, the chicken or the egg?
It really doesn't matter because I'm going to eat both.
Rise & Shine is known for great breakfast steaks and of course, their eggs.
I've had their steaks once and have to agree with most of the Yelpers that it's pretty good, priced just right, and always perfect for breakfast.
By the way, they use only USDA prime meats here.
Lately, I have been on an egg kick.
I love eggs and can even notice the quality of them.
Here at Rise & Shine, the eggs seemed to taste a whole lot better than everyone else's.
I have no idea where Rise & Shine gets their eggs, but it's good, thick, and very fluffy when scrambled.
I'll keep my meal small with just 3 scrambled eggs with cheddar cheese, 4 slices of bacon, and a chicken breast.
I call this meal the EBC for Egg, Bacon, and Chicken.
The bacon is okay, the chicken breast is flavorful, but the eggs...phenomenal.
Prices for their set meals is about average compared to the other breakfast joints in town.
An omelet made with 3 eggs with all the carbs cost around $10.
Their steak and eggs breakfast is roughly $15.
My meal is usually a little more since I am getting different proteins a la carte.
The restaurant is pretty big and very popular during the weekend mornings.
As for their service, it's as good as it gets.
I appreciate the fact that they're always willing to substitute items or add extra proteins for me.
2017 Yelp Review #80
Okay...I have to admit.
I wasn't a fan of this gym when I first stepped foot in here a couple of years ago.
I had a quick workout back then and a lot of the machines, including cardio, were down.
That was then, this is now.
Either management changed or this Gold's stepped it up.
I recently became a member just to change things up.
Plus, this location is a hop, skip, and a jump away from my house.
When it comes to me reviewing a gym, I look at cleanliness, equipment, and ambiance.
Here are my thoughts so far;

Cardio:  Located upstairs and plenty of it.
You have multiple flat screens to past the time.
Even better, this gym has a cardio theater, which can be perfect for Low Intensity Steady State Cardio.
Located upstairs is also their classes, TRX area, and spin classes.
Machines:  A mix of Life Fitness Machines and Hammer Strength.
I'm not the biggest fan of Life Fitness Equipment.
The only exceptions are their leg machines.
But I am a fan of Hammer Strength and there's a ton of it.
Free-Weights:  Enough benches, power racks, and weights.
A great addition to their free-weights is their squat bar, corner rows, and even a deadlift/shrug contraption.
My only issue with their free weights is their lack of dumbbells between 10 lbs and 35 lbs.
Either these lbs are nonexistent or they're lying around somewhere in the gym.
There's still a ton of the monster DB's though

Rest Rooms:  Only reviewing the men's, lol.
Huge locker room with a lounge to decompress, maybe watch some TV.
Tanning Rooms:  For additional charge, you can tan here.
Not for me, but just throwing it out there.
The staff here is excellent.
Cesar knows his stuff and gave me advice on my membership without trying to push for commission.
The gym is also clean and this time around, their equipment is all in great working order.
PS:  Like all other gyms, this one gets busy.
I drive by here often and notice the parking lot during the peak times is crazy.
My suggestion, get in early or really late.
Yeah Buddy!!!
Let me start by saying that I have yet to stay in one of their rooms.
I have yet to even seen any of their infamous themed rooms.
Until that happens, my rating will stay at a 3 stars.
Before I moved out here, the Palms was a visit that I didn't miss when I came out for a visit.
If I was to review this place 10 years ago, I'd give them at least 4 stars.
Over the years, this casino aged and currently needs a makeover in my opinion.
For an off the strip casino, the table limits are a bit high in my opinion.
I don't have friends that gamble big so they often look for $5 Black Jack, which I can never find here.
Their sports books is pretty good, but gets busy.
I still come here for their shoe shines.
Yes, I said shoe shines.
Til this day, I will either stop at the South Point, Palms, and even the airport for a quick shoe shine.
I tend to make this my stop for shoe shines because it's close to one of the entrances (theater side) and the sports book.
I can watch some sports highlights while my shoes are treated.
I've had this place bookmarked for sometime now after reading all the rave reviews from other Yelpers.
I'm in DTLV a lot and have no clue why I've missed this place, especially with all the great reviews.
Located inside the Golden Gate Casino in Fremont.
DuPars is tucked in the corner and is a rather small restaurant.
Since Golden Gate is small itself, DuPars is easy to locate.
As soon as I opened the menu, I realized something.
I've been here before and to be honest, I wasn't impressed with my first visit.
I remember ordering what I thought was a Ham, Steak, and Eggs.
For about $15, I thought that this is a fabulous price.
When my meal arrived, I asked the waitress "where the heck is my steak"?
Turns out that I missed read the menu.
For about $15 it was a HAM STEAK and eggs.
My mistake and since I was craving steak, my first turn out wasn't good at all.
This had to be over 3 years ago and I have since learned my lesson.
This time I made sure I got steak and eggs the right way.
I got their NY Steak w/eggs.
These steaks are grain fed, but I really didn't notice the difference.
The steak was a little dry and the eggs were small in portion.
I swear I probably had one scrambled egg, it's that skimpy.
My meal was just okay and since I've had better for about the same price, I have to say I was disappointed.
There's plenty on the menu, but nothing that really jumped out to me.
I thought the portions were small for the price.
The service was actually better than the food.
Attentive, drinks kept full, lines but quick seating, and easy check out.
Would I come back?
I probably would only if I'm in downtown already.
I may even bring up my rating after trying their pancakes, which is what they are known for.
5 Stars!!!
Yeah, you know it.
I'm reviewing this place with a rhyme like a poet.
I'm rhyming, not rapping.
I ain't no thug,
Let's check out what's what from Hunter and Doug.
They opened Coffee Hunter just a few months ago,
And they got Stumptown in case you didn't know.
The employees are the best and always cool,
Make sure to tip.
Don't be a fool.
Stumptown Nitro Cold Brew!
Nuff Said!
It's smooth and strong enough to wake the dead.
The Nitro Float is awesome.
It's like a dream,
Created with their Nitro Cold Brew with Tillamook Ice Cream!!!
Cronuts, pastries, and lattes they got,
They even have pasties and a must-try waffle shot.
I'll have a Nitro any day and their float in the summer,
I sure love me some cold brew at The Coffee Hunter.
Last but not least, a special thanks to the staff of this place,
You always make my day and put a smile on my face.
2016 Yelp Review #33
OfficeMax is my go-to office supple store.
For heavy and full service printing, I prefer the Summerlin location or the store off Eastern/Serene.
Both these locations are super staffed at their print center and they specialize in high volume printing.
However, this wasn't an option since I was too far from Summerlin and the Serene location had a busted printer.
So, Yelp brought me here.
This location is smaller, quieter, and not as heavily staffed as my favorites.
But they sure made up for it with efficient service at the print center.
Stevie was great.
She was dealing with 2 other customers, troubleshooted a problem that someone else had, dealt with the non-stop phone calls, and most importantly, took care of me.
I can't say I was in and out of this place quick, but all the printing that I requested came out clean.
I was actually impressed with this OfficeMax.
Only issue...my Retail Connect discount didn't apply to the work I was requesting.
Oh well, can't win them all.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (414/500)
If you've ever eaten at a PF Changs, then the best way to describe this place is a Mini PF Changs with a hint of Pick Up Stix.
Most call this place your Fast Food PF Changs.
The obvious difference compared to a PF Changs, is the price, portions, and selections.
But the food taste similar.
-Lettuce Wraps:  Never been a favorite of mine, but always a favorite with most.
-Orange Peel Chicken:  This is basically the only thing I get here.
I usually get it with brown rice.
The sauce is heavy and is the reason I ask for it on the side.
You can also ask to cut down a bit on the sauce.
-Fried Wontons:  Just like a Pick Up Stix.
This restaurant can get a bit busy during lunch time on the weekdays.
Pretty dead on the weekends each time I visited.
Service is good and your food is brought to your table.
Never a bad feel from either the food or their service.
Yah!
I'm a fan.
I knew I was eating here last night and had to do my pre-work.
First of all, what the heck does DOCG mean?
During dinner we asked and got the answer in English, which means "controlled designation of origin guaranteed".
You should see DOCG on all fine Italian food labels, especially on wine.
I never knew this until last night.
By the way, within 5 minutes we forgot what DOCG meant, hah.
I had to go back after dinner and ask again.
Lol

Regarding their food, where the heck do I start?
We tasted a lot during our dinner last night.
Present during dinner was Chad S, Roy E w/his gf, and of course, Terri R.  

We shared the following dishes.
Small Plates:
-Their Bread
-Roasted Bone Marrow (red beets & oxtail)
-Grilled Octopus (chickpeas, tomatoes & basil)
-Pancetta Wrapped Prawns (w/rosemary lentils)
-Beef Carpaccio (caper aioli, parmesan & arugula)
I wasn't a fan of the Roasted Bone Marrow and wished it had more taste to it.
The Beef Carpaccio, however, was fantastic.
Pizza's:
-The "D.O.C.G" Pizza (fonduta, egg & truffles)
-Margherita (mozzarella & tomato)
The DOCG Pizza was a very tasty one over the Margherita.
This may not make sense at all, but the egg topped on it gave it a sweetness which combined very well with the pizza.
Pastas:
-Pici (braised duck sauce & black truffles)
-Scialatielli ("arrabbiata" with lobster & shrimp)
-Fettuccine (roasted garlic, escarole & mushrooms)
My favorite of the three had to be the Pici.
The duck actually tasted like braised ribs, but had a small after taste to it.
Very lean and simply melts in your mouth.
Sides:
-Roasted Asparagus (w/lemon & egg vinaigrette)
-Grilled Broccolini (w/garlic & chili)
-Potato Puree (w/mascarpone & parmigiano)
Their version of a mashed potato, just a lot creamier and full of butter.
Out of the three sides, this was my favorite with the asparagus as a close 2nd.
Dinners:
-Diver's Scallops (My Entree - w/brussel sprouts & pancetta)
-Braised Short Ribs (Terri R's Entree) - w/sweet potatoes & cippolini):  I had to add this on my review since I ate half of her entree.
I thought that the scallops were just okay.
I'm a little different than most.
I prefer smaller pieces of scallops over these huge ones that are served here.
In my opinion, the large pieces are a little too fishy to me (I know, this isn't fish.
Just saying).
I did enjoy Terri's Braised Short Ribs.
Even though there wasn't a bone, this was some "fall off the bone" meat.
I wish I had her meal.
It was phenominal.
Desserts:
-Salted Caramel Budino (pretzel toffee)
-Tiramisu (kahlua soak & coffee gelato)
-Marscarpone Cheesecake (w/fresh strawberries and strawberry sauce)
-Tartufo (nutella malt gelato, chianti cherrycompote & hazelnuts)

My favorite of the four desserts was the Salt Caramel Budino.
Served in layers, you have to dig your spoon deep in order to enjoy the magic of this dessert.
The Tartufo was magic as well with a combination of Nutella and dark chocolate.
The Tiramisu tasted like your normal Tiramisu.
As for the their cheesecake, I wasn't able to partake in the fun since I'm allergic to fruit.
According to our group, this was a favorite too.
Sorry for the longer than average review, but we were here a long time and ate a lot.
Can you say food coma?
Food baby?
After dinner, we were given a special "behind the scenes" tour of both DOCG's and Scarpetta's kitchen.
I had a great time and with a great meal.
I originally came here expecting less and got more, a lot more.
Good job, DOCG!
Your service was fantastic and definitely appreciated.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (055/366)
Yes...I am a fan.
Always been a fan for the Fremont Experience.
I still consider the California as part of the Fremont Experience since it's so close.
I actually come out to the California for one thing and one thing only....The Market Street Cafe.
Pros:
-$5 Table Games:  3 Card Poker, Black Jack, etc.
Sure better than those $25 games on the strip.
-Old School Slots:  This place still has the slot machines where you actually have to put coins in.
I don't play slots, but there's a nostalgia about this.
-Ambiance:  This could be shocking to most, but I love the ambiance here.
Got that home atmosphere for sure.
A lot of the dealers, patrons, and even waitresses remind me of my parents.
If I am missing them, I will simply go to the California.
Some of the nicest locals here too.
-Market Street Cafe:  Main reason I come out here.
See Reviews.
Cons:
-Old

-Smoke Filled

-Small

-Parking:  Just park at the Main Street Parking (free if you have a B-Connect Card).
This Starbucks is located inside a grocery store (Smiths).
I'm giving them 4 stars just due to the convenience and service.
Other than that, this is really one of those makeshift type Starbucks that you find at airports, books stores, and Idaho.
Don't expect everything that your regular Starbucks has like food, cake pops, hipsters on their laptops, etc.
Right at the entrance of this Smiths, you can't miss it.
My main reason for coming here is because the other Starbucks in the AM have lines longer than "It's a Small World".
Also always pleasant to see the same people at the same time almost everyday.
Really hated to write this review because I wanted to keep this one a secret.
Peanut, peanut butter, can't you see?
Sometimes those emoji's hypnotize me.
Dem Peanut Butter Bouchee Emoji Faces may look cute.
But believe me, I will not hesitate and demolish these bad boys in seconds.
- Mel C

Jin Caldwell's chocolates are all over Las Vegas and can be found at the Bellagio, Caesars Palace, the Hard Rock, the Cosmo, MGM, Paris, Palms, and the Wynn.
I even found some of her chocolates in San Francisco.
You would never know it's her work because she doesn't stamp her name on it.
We are all fortunate that Jin opened a store at the Downtown Container Park in 2014.
And now, she has opened this location.
When it comes to the best chocolates in Las Vegas, JinJu takes the cake.
I mean that literally.
Jin's new location not only has the best chocolates in town, she also has some of the best cakes in town.
JinJu has a lot to offer and she even has the accolades to back it up.
I am a huge fan of the Downtown Container Park location and this one is no different.
5 stars all the way!!!
My Favorites
-Peanut Butter Bouchee (Emoji Faces) 
-Sea Salted Caramels
-702 MOB (Toffee Bits & Caramelized Pecans)
-The Elviiiis (PB Mousse)
-Fortunato No 4 Pearls - Peruvian Seal Salt
-Cappuccino Truffle
-Espresso Caramel & Espresso Crunch
-The Emergency Kits (Jin's Assorted Chocolates)

New Favorites:
-The Peanut Butter and Jelly Cake
-Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookies

2017 Yelp Review #21
Moved out here about 2 years ago and always wanted to hike Red Rock.
To be honest and almost embarrassed to admit, but a couple of weeks ago was my first visit to Red Rock.
I've don't Mt.
Charleston plenty of times and Red Rock is my new favorite out here.
This review is not for any of the specific hikes, just Red Rock Canyon in general.
My first hike here was with someone that hasn't hiked before so I made sure that we found somewhere easy to moderate.
First impression of Red Rock is that it's beautiful.
You can see the red mountains and canyons from a distance in Vegas, but up close is where you see the beauty of this place.
Yes, I'm a fan.
Actually, it's as good as it gets.
What I love about Red Rock is that you have a plethora of choices.
You can choose an easy, moderate, and even tough hikes.
It's up to you.
You can even uses Red Rock scenic route to bike, run, walk, or jog.
Red Rock is my excuse to get outside and get some exercise.
I have no excuse with fitness with Red Rock only about 25 minutes from my home.
Parking is only $7 and immediately upon driving in there's a visitor's center, which I have to try next time.
My only issue with Red Rock is that some spots can get busy, especially with parking.
I noticed more Utah, Arizona, and California plates over Nevada plates.
In other words, can be a tourist spot which is fine by me.
The scenic route is one way so if you're unsure where to start your hike and drive by, there's no turning back (at least legally).
My advice, do some research or follow the map.
Make a decision and stick by it.
Hey Yelpers...I did it.
I finally had a burger from Bachi.
A bunch of you guys have given me a hard time about this (Terri and Gigi to name a few).
I've been to both Bachi's out here a combined 15+ times and have never had their burgers.
To me, it's all about the Bachi Fish baby.
Because I was giving up red meat for the next 6 weeks, it was perfect to attend Terri R's Fat Tuesday UYE at Bachi.
A few other Elite Yelpers were in attendance along with new Yelpers that are elite in life.
Everyone ordered a burger and when it came to me, I was so close to getting their Alaskan Cod Sandwich.
But because it's Bachi and I won't taste red meat for awhile, I got their Black and Green Burger which is their Wagyu with mushrooms, spinach, garlic, and blue cheese.
The burger itself was good and I have no regrets.
However, I thought that the blue cheese was way overpowering.
If I could rename this burger, it be the Black and Blue Burger.
Overall, I had an great meal and excellent time meeting some new Yelpers.
Bachi UYE Roll Call (Message from Mel C):

Nelson S:  Nice to meet you, let's go on a hike.
Remember this week's 5K is a walking event, not a running event.
Chad S:  Everyone was right.
You're too cool and glad I've finally met you.
See you at your UYE later this week.
Susan K and Noah R:  Again, congratulations on your engagement.
Some of the best peeps you can ever meet.
Yes, I know this just from one night.
Francisco A (aka Cisco):  Another great elite to meet.
Another rhyme every time.
He's the check in king that has the ability to check in from anywhere.
All you Dukes and Duchesses watch out.
He's a check in eater.
Watch out boy, watch out boy.
Terri R:  Thanks for putting this together.
Meeting your friends was definitely the highlight of the evening.
Another good meal with a great friend.
Bookmark checked!!!
Peace out and stay thirsty my friends.
My first time to ever visit and buy something from Tammie Coe Cakes.
Located inside Sky Harbor, these small shops are huge on taste when it comes to their snacks.
Tammie Coe Cakes sells drinks, sandwiches, salads, cupcakes, and cookies.
I think their prices are pretty good too considering that it's inside an airport.
One thing about Tammie Coe is that they sure get busy.
I was fortunate enough to be the only customer in line at the time.
I was wondering why there was 2 employees running this little cupcake stand.
But once planes started landing, this place got busy.
They were prepared for the lines and the service is great.
I was greeted in and out like everyone else.
I was debating on another sandwich, a cupcake, and a cookie.
I settled with the cookie because I would be home for a real meal in less than 2 hours.
The cookie looked and tasted so good.
Try their Apple Oatmeal cookie.
No regrets, I promise.
PS:  Wednesday is their $1 cupcake day.
I didn't have a cupcake.
Just giving everyone a heads up.
Actually stumbled upon this place on accident, literally.
Had that 2:30 feeling, heading to a Starbucks for some caffeine, and was stuck in traffic.
Stuck in traffic because of a minor accident a block from me.
While waiting in traffic I noticed this coffee house/stand to my right and decided "why not".
I decided on their drive thru because I didn't feel like getting out of my car.
I ordered just an Americano and it was strong just how I like it.
I might have asked for an extra shot too.
I noticed that they serve a bunch of other things like pastries, sandwiches, all types of coffees, and desserts.
Maybe next time, I will venture out and try something else.
The drive thru is convenient, coffee was good, and service was great.
One issue that I have with the Mad House is that their drive thru menu is so damn high.
Unless you're in a lifted truck, you'll find yourself straining your neck to see what's on the menu.
I can't imagine what those rice rockets deal with at this drive thru.
I also noticed a Super Burrito next door.
Maybe that's my next stop.
Short Review:
Come hungry because the Griddle Cafe hooks it up.
Are you looking for huge stacks at a great price?
Then the Griddle Cafe is the place for you.
Their stacks are huge, fluffy, and tasty.
Not a pancake fan?
No worries....The Griddle Café has an extensive breakfast menu and you can also build your own burger.
Trust me...The Griddle Cafe is worth it.
Long Review:  
I've been the to the LA location and was impressed with their pancakes, their French toast, and their service.
What I disliked about the LA location is the wait.
Yup, I'm one of those fools that waited over an hour for breakfast at their LA location.
I didn't regret my meal, but wasn't heading back anytime soon due to the wait.
Now, they're here in Las Vegas inside the SLS and the wait isn't as bad.
You know what that means?
That means, a monster breakfast for Mel C and his fork.
So, what's good?
Well, here are my thoughts.
-Peanut Bubba French Toast: If you're a peanut butter lover, then you'll love this.
French toast that's dipped in peanut butter?
Enough said.
Texture is crunchy on the outside and peanut buttery on the inside.
I love that peanut butter after taste.
NOTE:  I had this at their LA location.
This is on the LV menu as well.
-Sow Your Oats:  Cinnamon, Honey, and Rolled Oats???
Imagine your typical bowl of oatmeal with cinnamon.
Well, that's what you get with their "Sow Your Oats" stack.
Texture is different, but is one of their popular stacks.
NOTE:  I had this at their LA location.
This is on the LV menu as well.
-The Golden Ticket:  This is for you banana lovers out there.
I don't eat much fruit due to allergies, but willing to take the risk after sampling this bad boy.
Banana, caramel and walnuts are all combined to create this masterpiece.
-Pure Imagination:  This is basically their "Build-Your-Own" burger or sandwich.
Yes, I got this.
I love pancakes, but was craving a sandwich or burger on my last visit here.
I had them create a chicken sandwich with mushrooms, jack cheese, and green chili.
This was sloppy, but good.
The huge plus with the side of steak fries.
-Chicken Breast and Egg Whites:  Yup...I got boring on one of my visits.
Actually, I supplemented the chicken breast and egg whites to one of my meals.
Taste wise...it's just grilled chicken breast and eggs whites.
Nothing special.
NOTE:  I had this at their LA location.
This is on the LV menu as well.
-Tortilla Chips:  Why do I even mention this?
Because it was good and addicting.
Fresh, crispy, and airy is how I would describe them.
Overall, there isn't one thing that I've had here that was disappointing.
Also, don't let the price of their meals fool you.
Their low price on most meals is backed up by monster servings.
One whole order of their pancakes easily serves 4 people or two Mel C's.
I would probably give the LA location 4 stars, a one star drop due to the wait.
But at this location, the wait wasn't bad and they're local for me.
So, 5 stars it is.
Yeah Buddy!
TIP:  If you don't have a huge appetite, then order just one stack.
A whole order of their stacks equals food coma.
Steak, Stone Crabs, and Bread!!!
You can't go wrong with Joe's Seafood Prime Steak and Stone Crab if steak, crab, and carbs is on your meal plan.
The gf and I came here for a Halloween dinner date.
This wasn't our original pick, but I'm glad we ended at Joe's for dinner.
From start to finish, the service was excellent.
We had reservations, which meant no wait.
Our orders were taken care of quick.
But most importantly, we were taken care of good.
Like most restaurants, we started with a bread basket.
Their mix of bread and carbs didn't have a chance.
We killed every piece of bread in that basket.
Then there was our meals.
I had their Petite Filet Mignon, but this was not petite at all.
Here at Joe's, they do everything big.
A petite filet here is 8 oz and cooked to my liking (medium-well).
The filet was tender, juicy, and so so good.
I'm not stating that this is the best steak that I ever had, but it's still good enough for me to want to come back.
My gf had their Florida based Stone Crabs.
You know, the parrot beaks that you see on the billboards off our freeways.
I think she loved it because she finished her plate.
For our sides, I got the mash potatoes and my gf got the mac n' cheese.
And of course she did.
The mash potatoes and mac n' cheese, like the bread, didn't have a chance.
Both were good and a must if you're having steak and crabs.
Overall (ie.
long story short)...Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab has good steak, fresh crabs, and great service.
Prices are decent as well.
Parking Tip:  Valet at Joe's.
If you're going through the main Caesar's entrance, it's the first right after the Caesar's and Forum split.
Sure beats having to walk through the Forum Shops to get here.
PS:  I've been told that the Alaskan King Crab is the best at Joe's.
I have never been a huge Alaskan King Crab fan.
But those that are, should give them a try.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (476/500)
I wasn't too impressed with Goldilocks Bake Shop when it comes to service and even their food.
Visited here a couple of times in the last year.
Normally, these visits are a request by my mom when she's in town.
She doesn't complain much, but could tell she's never really satisfied with the food.
As for me, I always feel like I am inconveniencing the employees here just by walking in and having them ring me up.
Simple Hello, Thank You, or even a smile would have brought my rating to at least a 3.
My most recent visit was for some freshly baked Pan De Sal.
Guess What??
No can do.
Once I walked in I just realized that I wasn't at Valerio's where they sell fresh Pan De Sal.
No fresh Pan De Sal also means no freshly made Filipino Pastries.
I ended up getting a Ensaymada just so I can give them a little business.
Also...no credit/debit if purchases are less than $10.
Just happens to be the day I forgot to hit the ATM.
No problem.
I found enough spare change in my car to make my purchase.
I've been to Goldilocks in Vallejo, San Jose, and San Diego.
Never an issue at those locations.
I will probably not go out of my way to come back.
But if mom is in town and she wants Pinoy food, then I guess I have no choice.
The Bellagio's Gallery of Fine Arts is one of those visits that you need to make whether if you're local or a visitor.
Reading the reviews on Yelp is very helpful before visiting BGFA.
And if you're reading this now, you passed step one.
BGFA looks like a fairly sized exhibit on the outside, but don't let that fool you.
A couple of steps inside and you're wowed with the fact that BGFA is small.
This was my thoughts the first time I've ever visited BGFA.
Prices for the exhibit is about $15 (current exhibit is $16).
There's local nights which is half price, which is big deal.
Once you're in you're given an audio hand-held and can tour BGFA at your own pace.
I've been here for the Monet Exhibit, which I thought was fantastic.
I loved it and even paid the full price because I forgot locals get discounts.
My most recent visit was Andy Warhol's exhibit and this time got in during Local's night.
Regarding the Andy Warhol exhibit itself, it's really not for everyone.
You have to be a fan of Warhol to love this exhibit.
And even if you're a huge fan, you need to keep in mind that only a select pieces of his artwork is displayed here.
In other words, your favorite pieces may or may not be on display.
I once dated someone that was a huge fan so you can say I was forced to love some of his work.
PS: When you exit, don't forget to stop by Jeff Mitchum's Gallery.
His work is on display or you can review his books that showcase his art.
Some comfortable seating too.
Quick note about this Yard House....I have never been past the bar area.
This review is for my experience drinking and eating at the bar.
As for service, I have to give them at lest 4 stars.
The team here always makes sure that your fully hydrated with whatever you're drinking.
As for the food here, I've eaten at plenty Yard House's in Las Vegas and California.
When it comes to this specific Yard House, it's mainly just appetizers and during happy hour.
The calamari, seared ahi, and sliders are mu favorites here.
I think prices are inexpensive, especially during HH, and because the service is pretty good, I have to state that I do recommend.
Short Review:  
Donut Bar originated in San Diego and places an emphasis on fresh, tasty, picture worthy, and creative donuts.
If a caked donut full of sugar is your thing, then give Donut Bar a try.
Donut Bar is considered one the best and their customer service is excellent.
Just be early because these donuts sell out fast.
Longer Review:  
I remember the excitement when Donut Bar opened in Las Vegas.
I'm not going to lie.
I wasn't that excited when I heard the news.
I didn't bookmark this place and had the opinion that Donut Bar was just hype.
I'm originally from the 619 and remember when the first Donut Bar opened their doors in Daygo.
I was one of those people that waited in line.
The owner of that location was pretty cool and would walk by the line with full sized donut samples to patrons waiting to get in.
Originally, I wasn't a fan.
I had a few failed visits because their donuts were either out or I got something that was too sweet.
I always picked a donut that just didn't "wow" me.
I am also not into a cake donut with a bunch of sugar on it.
I'm really boring when it comes to my donuts.
I prefer a chocolate glazed raised donut, maple bar, cruller, or an apple fritter.
That's all I really need or want when I'm in a donut shop.
But when the girlfriend loves donuts, then you support her by eating donuts.
I have been here a couple of times since grand opening week.
I've tried the Samoa, The French Toast, Cake Batter, Caramel Latte, the Big Poppa Tart, Crème Brulee, Matcha Cake, PB&J, and of course, the Homer.
Their originality, freshness, and consistency stands out.
I haven't had anything here that was too oily and greasy.
Again, these donuts really do not appeal to me and in my opinion, just too sweet.
But then I had their Caramel Latte.
This donut is perfectly glazed with their latte flavor.
Then a little whipped cream and caramel is added.
Because this donut is large, the glaze and toppings do not give it that overly sweet taste.
The texture is also perfect and not dry at all.
This donut with a cup of their hot coffee equals perfection.
I will cheat on my chocolate raised donut any day for their Caramel Latte.
This donut alone made me a fan.
2017 Yelp Review #77
The Habit - Henderson, NV

I am a fan of The Habit Burger Grill.
I'm just not a huge fan of this location.
I've been here multiple times and I prefer the other locations around town over this one.
I was craving Habit's Double Char (double patty/double cheese) and on my most recent visit, got a Triple Char (triple patty/triple cheese).
It's a good thing that I went with the triple because the patties were a lot smaller than what I'm used to.
I also like a juicy burger, not a greasy one.
A greasy burger is what I got.
Overall, I recommend The Habit, just not this one.
I really can't complain about the service.
It was good and my burger was served quickly.
All I see is a bunch of mixed reviews for this specific location.
For me, I think this was one of the better Red Lobster's I've been to and I've been to a lot.
Most of the Red Lobsters I've been to in California always include a long wait.
I have yet to wait more than 10 minutes at a Las Vegas/Henderson Red Lobster.
Let's start with service.
Been to this specific location about 4 times.
I remember one time meeting a friend here 30 minutes before they closed.
I showed up in time, but she was running late.
She showed up 10 minutes before closing and the restaurant still managed to serve us with a smile and no attitude.
I know, that's their job, but a lot of restaurants show that they are not happy when you arrive minutes before they close.
They kept the kitchen open for us even after closing.
What I will never forget is that they continued to check on us and basically asked permission if they can shut certain parts of the kitchen down.
Now, that's good service.
-Food:  If you have not been to Red Lobster before, they offer basically what any other seafood restaurant offers.
They specialize in price because it's much cheaper to eat seafood here than any other seafood restaurant (no don't Long John Silvers).
-Bottomless Shrimp:  I don't know if this is daily or all the time.
But I have had it in the past.
Their fried shrimp has more batter than shrimp, but still pretty good.
-Seaside Shrimp Trio:  Is a favorite when in the mood for shrimp.
It's shrimp pasta, fried shrimp, and garlic shrimp

-Tilapia and Cod  I put these all together, but their cod is really good.
Big thick pieces of flaky fish.
Tilapia is prepared pretty good to.
Both are not fishy.
-Steaks:  Mixed reviews here.
Had steaks here come too dry.
Had some come too juicy.
Then had some just right.
Not as good as a Ruth Chris' but definitely better than a Chili's or Denny's.
-Lobster:  My opinion, one of my favorites.
Portions small thought.
-Stuffed Sole:  Tried once and only recently.
Did not fill me up, but still good.
Order an appetizer!!
-Glazed Chicken:  I know it's a seafood restaurant, but have stopped by for lunch just for their chicken breast.
About 7 total oz and usually have the sauce put on the side.
-Calamari and Fried Vegetables:  An oxymoron, but you'll find it all gone before your soup arrives.
Usually gone from me and yes, the only way I will eat vegetables.
-Red Lobster Biscuits:  Don't remember the actual name, but this is a must on every visit.
So good and perfect to dip into you chowder.
Overall....I think you get more than what you pay for at this restaurant.
Regarding service,  I've always had good service.
One of the reviewers mentioned poor service because they were seated after someone that came in later.
I have to admit, they once or twice, have done that for me.
I'm not a regular or a baller, but sometimes it can be due to how big your party is and how you talk to them.
Ha ha..flirting can go a long ways sometimes.
Keeping this review short, but not sweet.
Golden Gate Casino is not what I remembered it to be years ago.
Either I grew, which I know I got wider, or this place got smaller.
It's a rare occasion for  me to step foot inside Golden Gate, but if I do I expect a small and mediocre casino.
I haven't stay in their rooms so I can't judge them.
Only reason I was actually in Golden Gate recently was for their breakfast/brunch restaurant DuPars, which was another disappointment.
Only highlight is at night outside this joint.
Dancing go-go's and strong pours if you tip well.
I actually found this place through Yelp.
Needed some coffee one morning and wanted something other than Starbucks, 7-Eleven, and AM/PM.
Besides, I didn't want to get out of my car and looking for a drive thru coffee stand.
I'm a new fan of the Human Bean.
Great title by the way.
One thing you'll notice about this place is that they have everything that Starbucks has in regards to coffee, but a little more.
Prices seem cheaper, but the sizes are smaller.
So overall price is about the same.
I don't get to creative when it comes to coffee, but the Human Bean's mocha is pretty damn good.
Not a big coffee stand and located in the middle of a parking lot.
It's actually easy to miss if you're driving up and down Camino Al Norte.
The lines/wait is actually non-existent during the mornings, which is surprising.
If you're in the area, looking for a boost, and do not want to get out of your car, then I recommend the Human Bean for you.
This gym tends to get below average reviews due to its size, cleanliness, and volume of equipment.
Having said that, this may be most people's worst gym.
However, this gym is actually my favorite.
I'm here about 4 days a week, sometimes twice a day.
This gym is full of regulars.
Like Cheers, where everyone knows your name.
I don't have a problem with the staff.
In fact, they are like an extended family for me.
I'm always greeted by name when I enter and leave.
And no, they are not cheating by reading the computer screen.
Usually greeted before I sign in.
Feels like home here.
When I walk in, usually get the hellos and nods from the other regulars.
What I like most about this gym is that people are here to workout.
Get in, get out.
I do avoid this gym on Monday and Tuesday nights due to how crowded it can get.
And, it's only crowded, because it's small.
The rest rooms are filthy, but I don't use them anyway.
Overall, gave this gym 4 stars because I'm able to get the type of workout I search for.
People here tend to respect your workout and save their chatter with you once you're done.
Niketown (located inside the Forum Shops at Caesars) is one of those must see and must shop Nike's.
This store is well organized, presented very well, and the selection is all about what's "In" now.
The store is spacious and the staff is every where to be seen in case assistance is needed.
The size is fairly big, but keep in mind it's also two levels.
You got your shoes and team sports on the first level (basketball, football, baseball, etc) and your individual sports on the second level (golf, tennis, and running).
If you visit this Nike, take your time and view the whole place.
I stated earlier that this store's selection is based on what's "In" now.
This also goes for which sports stars are the talk right now.
I remember upstairs being nothing but Tiger Wood (pre-divorce) or Manny Pacquio (pre-losing).
You can still find some TW gear, but just not as much as before.
Don't worry, Jordan is still represented well.
There's also a ton of inspiring statements from pros in their prime.
A lot of these quotes and statements are found on the walls facing the escalators.
If you want to take a shot or read more, you may have to take multiple trips up and down.
Just Do it, it's worth it.
This review is for the 2016 1/2 Marathon

I've been to this race every year since 2012 to support friends running the half or full.
It wasn't until last year that I decided to do it myself.
The race starts out at the Mandalay, then you run south to Town Square, a u-turn north towards the famous Las Vegas strip, into Downtown Las Vegas, and then back south the strip again.
Finish line is around Treasure Island.
Along the way, you're cheered on by friends, random strangers, and the always happy "Vegas Baby" group.
The race also includes entertainment from bands rockin' and rollin' to Elvis impersonators just rollin'.
This is a pretty cool race to do.
I didn't have the best run of my life.
In fact, this race was my slowest one ever.
My goal is always to finish without any injuries.
I did just that and only that.
Overall, I had a great time running this race with my friends and love ones.
This is one of those races that should be done at least once, especially if you live in Las Vegas.
Pros:
-Most of this race is on the Las Vegas Strip.
The strip is closed only twice a year...New Year's Eve and this race.
Cool Beans!!
It's super fun to run on the strip.
-The Volunteers:  It takes a lot of planning and organizing to get this race put together.
My hats off to the volunteers as well.
-A lot of hydration stations between miles 2 and 9.
Cons:
-Cost:  This race isn't cheap.
I paid about $180 for the half marathon, which included a refund guarantee in case I missed the race.
-The Weather: This race is usually in 40 degree temperature or colder.
We were blessed to have 50+ degree temps during our race.
-Lack of aid stations between miles 9 and 12.
I needed hydration the most between miles 10 and 13

-This is one of the largest 1/2 marathons.
You will be dodging other runners/walkers during most of the race.
I had to make myself skinny a bunch of times and squeeze in between other participants.
The race gets a lot less crowded around mile 7.
Don't expect to PR this race.
2017 Yelp Review #51
Been coming to Ronald's Donuts off and on for the last 2 years and I never even knew it.
I usually keep it simple, just a maple bar.
That's it.
Couple of times I get the bear claw w/nuts and some of their Vegan donuts.
To be honest, never knew the that the donuts I recently had were vegan donuts.
Something about these donuts that I just can't figure out.
The donut shop and their donuts look like other donuts that I have tasted out there, but these are much better.
Some of these donuts are even a lot bigger.
From taste, texture, and all out freshness, Ronald's always hits the spot.
At other donut shops, the donuts begin to stale out after 12 pm.
Not at Ronald's, theirs are always fresh.
Like I stated earlier, been coming here off and on for the last couple of years.
Always came out here out of convenience because it's an easy in and out.
Also, they are rarely packed and the selection is always good.
I recently ran a search for a good donut shop and found Ronald's.
I immediately bookmarked it and input their address into my GPS.
To my surprise, it's the same donut shop I've been going to.
Like all other Yelpers have stated already...some of the best donuts in Las Vegas.
One issue, a dozen doesn't usually doesn't make it home safe.
I always find a way to eat at least one in the parking lot, one at the next stop light, and on the freeway on the way home.
Yes...that good.
United Blood Services

I didn't even know that this location even existed if it wasn't for Terri R's recommendation that we go here.
We were both on our way to the West Charleston location to donate some blood.
She pulled up her handy dandy Yelp app and found that there was location closer to us.
Yaass!
Free cookies and pretzels here I come!!
Donating whole blood is easy and only takes about 30 minutes.
It's recommended that you make an appointment, but walk-in's are welcome too.
Regardless if you're on file or not, you will still have to answer the questionnaire.
These questions include your travel history, drug history, and even sex history.
Overall, I'm a fan of this location and will be back sooner than later.
TIP #1:  Staff is great and can hold a convo
TIP #2:  Plan to spend at least an hour here if you donate platelets or plasma.
They are in need of this stuff.
They're daily goal is 11 donations and they rarely hit it.
TIP #3:  Address is correct on Yelp.
Building is tucked in the corner.
TIP #4:  Free Wi-Fi.
TIP #5:  You get your own personal iPad to watch movies if you're here to donate platelets or plasma.
TIP #6:  Free cookies and salty snacks is the prize at the end of your donation.
I doubt that I can ever give a police department any less than 5 stars, unless if I ever become a resident.
Lets not forget what most law enforcement individuals do on a daily basis.
The field officers are out there are at potential risk everyday to never make it home to do what?...keep us safe.
I know most of the action is handled by Metro of Las Vegas, but lets not forget that Henderson PD is also out there protecting and serving.
I work with law enforcement every once in awhile and rarely get to work with the Henderson side.
That's a good thing since that means no one is going to jail.
But whenever I get the opportunity, I always get quick and professional responses from them.
If you ever go to the actual department, the report filing is on the right side and finger printing is to the left.
This is one of the quieter departments so don't be shocked if you see no one in line.
There's a lot of other things I love about Henderson's PD compared to Metro, but at this time will just keep that on the hush.
Bottom line, they do their job out here.
PS: If you're here, tell the finger printing lady that Mel C. says "Hello".
In the mood for what I call fast food Korean, then Jun's is your place.
I consider Jun's fast food not because their food is like your typical FF Restaurant, but because you get your food fast here.
I've seen a few Jun's around Las Vegas.
This one is the only one that I've ever been to.
My visits here are normally with a friend of mine that lives in the area.
She always prefers eating here or Saigon 8 (across the street).
On my most recent visit, she wanted Pho and I wanted something with a little more protein.
Jun's ended up being our pick.
Everything at Jun's is portioned pretty good and the prices are great.
There's something for everyone here, but admit that some of the food can be greasy.
I only get one thing whenever I go here and that's their BBQ Chicken.
They serve it with 2 decently sized pieces, but I still requested for a double order since I knew I wasn't eating for another 4 hours.
Not my favorite BBQ Chicken, but still satisfying enough for me to come back.
The food is good, priced right (actually cheap), and fast.
Parking is never an issue and during lunch they can get busy.
Not to worry, it doesn't get too loud and your food is served quick enough during the busy period times.
Yes, I'm reviewing the US Post Office in North Las Vegas.
I feel obligated since I use to have a PO Box here, share Duke status from time to time, and I'm the Melman.
So here we go.
This is my post office.
And when I say mine, I mean my packages get shipped here and I have no choice.
But I found over the years to really appreciate this post office.
I'm use to larger post offices with longer lines and cranky postal workers.
You get the opposite here, especially if you come right when they open.
Pros:
-Quick, just avoid after 3pm where you may wait in line for about 10 minutes
-Friendly staff.
No pun intended, but no one is going "postal" on you here.
-Mobile Truck: Instead of going inside, you can buy stamps, drop mail, purchase money orders, and ship packages through their mobile express truck
-Mail Boxes: I rented a mail box here for about a month while going through escrow.
-Other Services include passports, International packages, etc.
-Drive Thru Mail Boxes.
Yeah Buddy!
Always nice to be able to get in and out fairly quick.
Now the DMV, well that's a different story, 



YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (406/500)
A relatively quiet park, at least in the summer at 6 AM, I got the opportunity to finally go for a run with Chad "Sugi" S.  This is Sugi's go to run stop and if it's good enough for him, them why not for me.
Pros:
-Sufficient Parking
-Located right across the street from one of my gyms.
Good for a pre-gym workout, perfect for a post-gym "after burn".
Yeah...look up the after burn affect.
No joke.
-About 5 times and is a 5K.
-Quiet

Cons:
-Dog poop in the grass.
Owners don't do a great job cleaning up after fido.
-Concrete Sidewalks:  I actually prefer to run/walk, on pavement or trails.
Concrete is not the best for me knees.
I got my 30 minute cardio before I hit the weights this morning.
You got to love Las Vegas.
For a place known for casinos, the strip, and great dining, one thing about my city is that there's always a park somewhere nearby for that planned or impromptu workout.
I recommend this place.
Been here about 10 times, Usually when out of towners come visit.
Pros: 
1.
Wide selection
2.
Price, especially cheap beers
3.
The Salmon, Calamari, Oyster Shooters, and Fish/Chips

Cons:
1.
Depending when you go, there's a wait.
You get seated fairly quick, but waitresses every once in awhile forget you're there.
Maritess is the only exception.
She's always around and pleasant to talk to.
2.
Don't get the sushi!!
Not fresh, too loose, and too much rice.
This week was my first time and wasn't disappointed.
I've had Blue Fin Sushi & Roll bookmarked ever since I've read all their positive reviews.
Last week I had overall poor experience at a sushi restaurant in San Diego.
I don't want to embarrass I-Sushi so I won't mention their name.
I knew redemption was needed and needed quick.
My visit was during lunch time and chose their AYCE for $21.99.
I want to add that from the outside, this joint looks bigger than it really is.
The ambiance was perfect around 11:40 AM for someone eating alone and we all know for the best service, you have eat at the bar near the sushi artists.
There was only one other patron here at the time.
That only lasted about 20 minutes because once noon hit, the fans started showing up.
Every seat was taken and a line was forming by 12:30 PM.
Just keeping up with the Jones'.
Just another sign that Blue Fin is the way to go.
I had a couple of items for my AYCE venture;
-Nigiri: Yellowtail, Salmon, and the Garlic Spicy Tuna
-Rolls:  Tried their Rock and Roll, which is a cucumber wrapped roll with crab, tuna, salmon, and yellowtail
-Hand Rolls: Spicy Crab and the Crunch Shrimp

Everything I've tried was delicious and fresh.
I thought that the Nigiri's were small, but it's all you can eat.
Order more if it's not enough.
I did just that, I ordered and ordered until I was able to erase my last poor experience in San Diego.
To be honest, the food was so satisfying here that just my first nigiri already made up for it.
This review cannot end without commenting on the service.
5 stars for service alone.
Even though I was just one of about forty that was eating here, they made me feel like a rockstar (no, not the energy drink).
Watch these guys in action.
Rolls, bowls, and shashimi's ordered and delivered with the quickness.
All it takes is some eye contact and they're ready to take your request.
My only gripe about this place...it's on the opposite side of town from where I am normally at.
Guess that's not their fault.
On a side note...thanks to all the fellow Yelpers that either gave suggestions for next time or wished me a good lunch due to my experience over the weekend.
You guys rock!!
Has it really been that long ago since my last visit to Thomas & Mack?
Prior to this week's visit, it's been close to 20 years since I watched a Rebels game in Thomas & Mack.
We received free tickets from Yelp Elite Event (courtesy of Nacho Daddy) and couldn't pass up the opportunity.
It's all about the Runnin' Rebels out here and I've been a fan since the Tarkanian days with Larry Johnson, Anderson Hunt, Greg Anthony, and Stacy Augmon.
You can't go wrong watching a game here.
First of all, the arena is not the biggest which is good if you're like me sitting in nosebleed.
The view of the court isn't bad at all from these high altitudes too.
To be honest, the arena pretty much looks the same as it did years ago.
Even though the arena is older, it seems to be kept in pretty good shape.
As for parking, I didn't think it was bad at all and it's free.
Regardless of the venue, what really makes a good game and great atmosphere is the fans.
Here are Thomas and Mack, there no shortage of the Scarlet and Gray Rebel Reign.
Rebels!
Rebels!
Rebels!
In the last week, I've been to 3 different Sideline Sports.
I've been to the North Decatur location, Boca Park's, and this one.
Out of the 3, this has to be the best.
Best in terms of size of the location, selection, cleanliness, and staff.
When I comes to searching for your favorite team gear or shopping for Christmas presents, value and selection is a must.
When it comes to prices, Sideline Sports is about average with the rest of the sport shops.
When it comes to selection, this specific Sideline Sports has it all.
I initially came here looking for a few Christmas gifts for friends and family.
I ended up buying most things for myself.
Christmas is about giving.
And sometimes I will not hesitate to give to myself.
I'm huge on customer service and this one doesn't disappoint.
My most recent visit was 5 minutes before closing.
I expected to find that one thing for my brother-in-law and ended up spending an additional 15 minutes shopping for myself.
The staff never rushed me out and even took the extra time to help me find what I was looking for.
Overall 4 stars for service and selection.
I will definitely be back very soon.
I recommend this place.
Started coming here to get my cut in June 2011.
But moved north and started going to a place closer to home.
After about a year of finding someone that could cut a tight fade (no lines), I've found myself coming back here recently because the person that usually cuts my hair is on a 2 month vacation.
Now that I came back, I don't think I will be going back to my original stylist.
Erin is great but I rarely get her since she's usually cutting someone else's hair.
Not a huge deal.
Rachel and the guy working there do a good job too.
Here every other week.
Be here soon.
Pros:
No wait or wait is minimal
Great personalities.
Nothing is worse than a hair cut with zero conversation
Clean
Price: better than most

Cons:
25 minutes from home
Mandalay is still one of my strip casino favorites.
I've only stayed in their rooms one time about 10 years ago and my room was one of the smaller rooms.
Nice and clean, but thought it was small.
My most recent visit wasn't too bad, wasn't too crazy, and wasn't full of the "Vegas Baby" crowd.
Reasons I like the Mandalay Bay:
-The Aquarium:  I don't drive out of my way to go here, but every once in awhile friends and family with kids want to check it out.
-Clean casino, spacious, airy, and doesn't smell like smoke.
-Good poker games here on the weekends.
Small room, but good games from time to time.
-Parking:  If parking and valet is tough, I will choose to park at the aquarium side.
-Pool:  One of my favorite pools out here.
Pools are large enough, both kid and adult friendly.
-Buffet:  Not much of a buffet person, but still think Mandalay has a decent buffet.
Costly, but still good.
-Everyone once in awhile I still get comp offers in the mail for rooms, free play, etc.
Couple of Cons:
-Events/Concerts:  Expect a busy Mandalay
-Slots and Table Games:  I don't play these much, but the limits are not within my budget.
Overall, only give the Mandalay 4 stars because I don't go out of my way to come here.
4 Stars because Mandalay is still one of the cleanest and classy casinos/hotels that you will find out here.
Plus, it's a convenient in and out.
I don't go out of my way to come out here.
But if you see a check in from me, it's almost guaranteed that I am with guest from out of town.
When it comes to poker, you're either a Shark or an Fish.
I admit, I am a fish but that doesn't stop me from playing/donating.
One poker room where a fish like me can hide from the sharks is Golden Nugget's Poker Room.
This poker room has a few locals, but is dominated by tourist.
This means a fun and sometimes profitable game.
Each night about 2 NL tables and 3 structured games are held.
I never go in here thinking that my mortgage is going to get paid, but I always leave with a good time.
The poker room is great for beginners or that player that is too intimidated to play on a real table.
Most of the players here are new to the game or don't play as much anyway.
Again, everyone here is out to have a good time.
The room and dealers is comforting.
It can be 5 months since my last visit and some of the dealers still recognize greet me like I never left.
Maybe it's because I tip.
I like to think it's because they value their customers.
I keep forgetting that this Starbucks is even here.
I have an office close by and would normally drive all the way to the busier Buffalo/Lake Mead location.
It's a good thing for Yelp because this location is hidden from me.
One things for sure, this Starbucks is definitely not hidden from the rest of the world.
This location is always busy, even at 3:00 PM.
Here's a couple of tips for the lines.
Tip #1...it's not very busy inside.
The drive thru line is exceptionally slow.
Park your vehicle, get out, and order inside.
Tip #2...download the app, order online, walk in, and pick up your order.
I usually just get an Iced Americano if my caffeine cravings is after 3 PM.
Their Iced Americano is either hooked up with additional espresso shots or they use a lot less water/ice.
I'm always getting a buzz after having the Americano's here.
Around 3:00 PM, I'm usually on my third plus serving of caffeine.
So, I really don't know for sure why their Americano is so strong.
Bottom line...I like it.
Now that I remember that this location exist, I will probably be here a lot more often.
I just started going to this Starbucks in 2016.
The drive thru and walk in lines can be a little long in the morning, but they're so efficient here that you really don't notice.
I usually order ahead and just pick up my order anyway.
I don't get too creative at SB.
I'll stick to my Americano, two packets of Stevia, and some cinnamon powder.
At this SB, taste and quality is always consistent.
I have no complaints.
See you soon, SB!
2017 Yelp Review #3
People that know me know that I love peanut butter.
In my opinion, Retro Bakery had the best peanut butter cookie in Las Vegas.
Let me stress the word HAD.
The former owner of Retro Bakery, Kari Garcia, took her talents to North Las Vegas by opening tsp.
Baking Company.
Even better news...she brought her peanut butter cookie with her.
It's a little different than Retro's, but it is now my favorite peanut butter cookie in Las Vegas.
The PB cookie is made with real peanut butter, not too moist, not too dry, and is even fresh days after.
If you don't know Kari's work, then you're missing out.
Kari has so much energy that you can feel the passion she has for her customer and a baked goods.
Everything in her bakery is homemade and fresh.
You'll find custom cakes, cookies, mini-cupcakes, and even some ice cream.
But if you ask me, it's all about the peanut butter cookie.
2017 Yelp Review #11
I found Lou's Diner by accident.
I was in their parking lot to answer an e-mail, starving, and noticed their sign.
I pulled up my Yelp app, read a few of my Yelp friend's reviews, and made up my mind that I'm having eggs for lunch.
I walked in and it wasn't busy at all.
I sat myself and was a little concerned that the service would take a while since no one noticed me walking in.
Within 10 minutes, one of the waitresses attended to me and gave me a menu.
Their menu is mainly a traditional American breakfast (i.e.
omelets, sandwiches, burgers, soups, etc.).
I kept my meal simple and had their 3 egg cheese omelet, 4 slices of bacon, well done extra crispy hash browns, and some toast.
This breakfast combo was very affordable at only $8.
I also added a cup of their homemade chili, which ended up being the highlight of my entire meal.
The chili has a bit of a kick, hearty, and had enough meat to satisfy my protein needs.
A cup of their chili is good enough to make me a repeat customer.
If I had one gripe, it's the cheese in their omelets.
I prefer shredded cheese in my omelets, not sliced cheese.
Lou's Diner was able to add shredded cheese to my chili.
Why couldn't they do this for their omelets?
In the future, I'll request it.
It never hurts to ask, right?
This diner has been around a very long time.
It's nice to see businesses from the 60's still thriving.
It's also obvious that Lou's has its share of regulars.
The service was great and the price per dish is better than most.
I'm sure that I will be returning soon, especially if I'm craving their chili.
I just got done with one of those intense workouts at 24hr Fitness.
I admit, I was so spent after the session that I was barely awake by the time we were done.
Then I hear the words "baby, I'm taking you to paradise tonight".
Well, that's one way to wake me up with the quickness.
Only obvious with what I was thinking.
But moted I was.
The gurlpren meant she's taking me to Paradise Boba Tea and Smoothie for our post workout treat.
Hah...good trick to boost my energy and it worked.
Paradise is a family owned business that sells boba, milk teas, smoothies, and even some food.
I didn't even know this place existed, but it's here.
Here in Summerlin tucked in the shopping center across from 24hr Fitness.
The owners here are so nice and even threw some compliments our way.
And who doesn't love compliments?
Well anyways, I had their Mocha & Peanut Butter Smoothie w/Boba.
The combination of mocha and peanut butter meant a really sweet treat.
I thought it was also too thick, but that should be expected, especially with the flavors I chose.
The boba was warm and silky smooth, which only enhanced the smoothie.
Overall, not bad at all and for an additional cost, you can even have whey protein added to it.
But I didn't stop there.
I had to try their spam masubi.
The spam masubi was a little small, but still packed a punch with flavor.
In other words, I wasn't disappointed with it.
I'm giving Paradise 4 stars for location, service, and taste.
Smoothies w/Boba:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=tcY0Qsb7YrZrlEpSluYegQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Mocha & Peanut Butter Smoothie w/Boba:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=FUkoYibAsAPkKEwbx-1mPg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Tinidor:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Spam Masubi:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=oRS-N64Won-34DlSiZqXxQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Experienced Fremont Street too many times to count.
When it comes to experiencing Las Vegas, you have to hit Fremont Street at least once.
Til this day, this is where I take my parents, family, and friends from out of town.
Fremont Street Experience:  
-Spent a couple of NYE's here.
You have to pay, but it's a change from the clubs and actually pretty fun.
Gets packed though.
-Zip-lining:  Still on my bookmark, will try it soon.
-Kiosks:  Plenty of different and small kiosks selling everything from art to sports paraphernalia.
-Eats:  A bunch of small eats out there, usually quick fried stuff.
Want something with substance, hit one of the casinos.
-Drinks:  Like the eats, best to just hit one of the casinos for drinks.
I usually hit Golden Gate drinks.
-Ambiance:  A ton of tourist and some even call it a tourist trap.
But a lot of locals too.
Everyone here is out to have a good time, very little drama.
-Live Music / Band
-Impersonators:  This is the mecca for impersonators in Vegas.
-Golden Gate:  Got talent working there.
Good for drinks.
Nearby Visits: Where I go at times.
-Main Street Casino:  I usually go in here for Triple 7 Brewery
-The California for the Market Street Cafe (Oxtail and cheap Steak)
-Golden Nugget:  For their poker room.
Good and fun games here.
Nothing too serious.
Just a bunch of locals and tourist enjoying Hold Em'.
-Binions:  I use to go here all the time a few years back for their poker room.
Room has died down a bit in the last couple of years.
WSOP started here.
Bars/Clubs:
-Downtown:  Actually my favorite.
Great place to kick back before and after you hit the other bars.
-Griffin:  Okay place for drinks and to meet people.
Small so gets crowded.
-Insert Coins:  80' video games meets a bar.
You can park at any one of the casinos, but I usually park at the Main Street Parking.
You're close enough to experience the Experience.
During special events and 3 day weekends, can get crowded.
Parking is free if you have a B-Connect Player's Card.
I've only had the opportunity to arrive and depart out of McCarran's Terminal 3 a few times and in all occasions, I was a little disappointed.
Maybe it's just me, but I think this new terminal in Las Vegas is conveniently inconvenient.
Pros:
-New and clean
-Easy and empty parking garage
-International Flights
-Tons of shopping, even higher end stores.
Cons:
-D Gates aren't that close.
If there's a tram, I couldn't find it.
-Lack of restaurants
-Shoe shines tend to be employeeless (Yes, I made that word up)
-The line to United Airlines Check In/Ticketing is always packed
-No employees, Security, or even HMS around
-TSA takes forever.
TSA is huge here, but usually understaffed or only a few gate entrances are open.
Maybe this terminal will grow on me someday, maybe it won't.
I still prefer Terminal 1.
I specifically prefer Gate C due to the quick TSA check.
Overall, I have no choice if I'm traveling through United, Virgin, or overseas.
Terminal 3, A-OK is all you get from me.
Paseo Verde Trail was this week's pick for our weekly walk.
Alicia R set this up since she's done the trail plenty of times.
Goal was to get at least 6 miles in.
The trail is paved and is between a normal sidewalk and the street.
You'll find all walks of life from kids, teens, middle-aged, and seniors in their prime.
Most are jogging, some bikers, and guys like me that choose to walk.
The trail runs a little over 2 miles from Paseo Verde Park to St Rose Parkway.
This means a good 4 miles there and back.
During this quick trek, you'll pass other parks, the Multigenerational Center, and Green Valley Ranch.
I find trails a lot easier to complete than tracks or side streets.
It also helps to be with a group that's walking or jogging at the same pace with you.
Overall, I don't mind driving 30 minutes from home to get here and knock out 4 miles.
This is a nice quick trail to get some cardio in.
By the way, we did meet our goal of 6 miles by circling a few parks multiple times.
TIP:  Start your hike, walk, or run at Paseo Verde Park since it's slightly uphill to St. Rose Park.
Better get the strenous part done first.
It's all downhill going back.
Yes, this place is overpriced, especially if you go through the whole aquarium in 30 minutes.
Take your time and this place becomes worth it.
If you're local, don't forget the discount.
As for what you get...As soon as you walk into the aquarium, you will be in the reptile/alligator area.
So, expect to sweat a little.
It's muggy, sticky, and musty.
But it cools off once you get to the underwater animals.
You are able to see a bunch of different fishes, sharks, alligators, phiranna's, reptiles, and jelly fish.
My favorite is the petting area where you can touch sting rays.
The shark aquarium and tunnel is also pretty good.
I also hear that you can swim with the sharks.
I might have to try that one day.
This place is a good getaway from your typical Vegas strip scene.
Plus, the kids will enjoy it.
Trail Canyon Trail - Spring Mountain National Recreation Area

I do not recommend this hike if you struggle with Cathedral Rock or even Mary Jane Falls.
I also don't recommend this hike if you do not have the will power to keep going.
This hike is all uphill and a very steep uphill.
This hike will test your quads, calves, glutes, and mental toughness.
I've done this hike numerous times.
And every time, I'm questioning why I'm even doing it.
The thing that keeps me going is the view, the fact that I've done it before, because I'm not a quitter, and the meal that awaits when we're done.
According to my GPS, the hike up is about 1.6 miles, which means that the total hike is a little over 3 miles.
This hike usually takes us a little over an hour to reach the top.
The trail is well-marked and don't be surprised if you see deer during your hike.
The hike back down is no picnic either, especially if you have knee problems.
Overall, I love this hike.
It's one of my favorites out here.
It's a good workout, great cardio, and the view is awesome.
Just a note...when hiking back down, you will get at least one hiker that's going to ask you "how much longer to the top?"
Quote me on this.
I'm asked all the time.
2017 Hike Review #2 / 2017 Yelp Review #30
Reading all these reviews, I couldn't help but think "what's a Hawaiian Chipotle?".
Well, I finally got to find out for myself.
Yes, when you walk in it's almost like Chipotle.
Your meals are made in an assembly line fashion, it's fast food, and the prices are similar.
The process is simple...select your meats (Kalua Pork, Steak, Huli Huli Chicken, Veggies, Fish, or Shrimp).
Then choose whether you want your meats in a bowl with rice, in a salad, a burrito, and even a taco.
Then after this, you select all the extras like sour creams, beans, guac, etc.
For me, my decision was easy.
I wasn't feeling a burrito or taco.
I also wasn't doing a salad or rice bowl.
So, I chose just a side of steak and a side of chicken.
I thought both meats were a bit greasy and lacking some flavor.
I know Chipotle isn't any better when it comes to grease, but at least there's a little taste there.
I still managed to down my dish because I don't believe in quitting.
My gf got steak with rice and beans.
She also had to get their coconut bark.
Might as well, especially since they're known for it.
I had a piece and thought that it was pretty good.
It's pretty much a toffee tasting, Almond Roca tasting, sweet piece of candy.
That one piece was probably the highlight.
My gf had a $20 Groupon for our meals and we were originally sticker shocked that just two bowls, 2 drinks, and coconut bark was over $22.
Something just didn't add up.
When I got home, I realized why.
Instead of Braddah's charging me for a side of chicken and a side of steak, they charged me for a full bowl.
Yeah, we were over-charged about $2.
I'm not going broke because of this, but it's the principle.
Overall, with a recent 5 Star ROTD for Braddah's and some of the hype I'm seeing, I have to say that I was a little disappointed.
The thought of Hawaiian food mixed with tacos and burritos sounded great.
But when it came down to it...they are just A-OK

PS:  At least the restaurant is clean and there's a drive thru.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (493/500)
I dine at this Ruby Tuesday once a year.
It has become tradition to meet a co-worker at this Ruby Tuesday every mid-February.
Ruby Tuesday is busy, but not to the point that you have to wait for a table.
Service really depends on how busy the restaurant is.
I've had their Double Decker Burger, the Grilled Salmon, the Tilapia, and the Coastal Trio (lobster, tilapia, & shrimp).
Most of the entrees cost about $15 and to be honest, it's pretty good.
The serving sizes are decent and if I want my dishes a little healthier, they'll put the sauces on the side.
Overall, Ruby Tuesday is okay.
It's a chain with competitive prices and a variety of options on their menu.
Norm's Eggs Café moved to this location and now has a new name...Norm's Diner.
The original location was just up the street about a block away.
Not much has changed.
The service is as good as it used to be, the menu items haven't changed, and their prices still remain low.
I recently dined here for brunch and had their Super Breakfast Combo.
This dish included 3 eggs, 2 slices of bacon, slice of ham, a sausage patty, huge serving of hash browns, and a triple stack of their buttermilk pancakes.
The proteins in my meal were all delicious.
Their ham and sausage patty surprised me a lot.
I don't do pork, besides bacon, and found both these items very good.
However, I didn't think much of the carbs that came with my meal.
I'm just not a fan of soggy hash browns and rubbery pancakes.
At only $9.95, this entire dish is a steal of a price, even if I didn't eat the pancakes.
I wasn't a huge fan of their original location and expected way too much from this location.
But the price is right, the portions are huge, and there's still plenty of other options on their menu to deserve 3 stars from me.
Basically...just you're average deli in the middle of a casino.
Located inside the South Point near their sportbooks.
Review the menu and there's nothing you haven't tried before.
Plain and boring.
But for some odd reason, one of my favorite stops in Vegas.
My guilty pleasure.
If I'm south of the strip and am feeling like feeding, don't be suprised if I stop at valet and tell them I'll only be 10 minutes to pick up something from the deli.
-Fries:  One of the best.
Never greasy, just right.
Golden brown, just like how mom use to make it.
-Calamari:  Not sure if this is regular item, but I have gotten it a couple of times.
Just okay.
-Whole Chicken w/Swiss on Wheat:  This is what I come here for.
Nothing special, just hits the spot for me and is the portions are healthy.
Try 14oz of chicken meat.
Have it plain and it's low carb and high protein.
-Corn Beef Sandwich:  Pretty damn good.
All you will taste is corn beef and forget the bread is even there.
That's how big the serving is.
-Pizza:  Never a mistake.
Only a mistake if you are counting the calories.
NY Style.
You have a choice to get the half sandwhich or whole sandwhich.
The half sandwhich is really most places full sandwhich.
Keep in mind, a half chicken is about 7 oz of meat.
Now for their specialty.....the desserts.
You won't see the desserts on the menu, but cannot miss them because they are smack in your face.
In da face!!!
I have tried the carrot cake and the cheesecake.
Each slice is about 6 inches thick.
Not a typo...really big especially for a deli.
One of the best cheesecakes out here.
Yes, I said it.
You can wash their desserts down with the shakes from Steak N Shake (hang a left from this place and a dogleg right, can't miss it).
My only issue...plastic silverware.
Believe me, there's difference in taste when you eat desserts with metal silverware, keeps the coolness.
trust me, I know what I'm talking about.
Got Desserts on Steroids???
They do!!!
Best of both worlds!
Looking for a place to stay while in Vegas without all the noise, without the long valet wait, without the inconvenience of lugging your luggage across a busy casino, and without the stench of smoke?
Then Marriot's Grand Chateau is your place.
But there's more.
-The Grand Chateau is basically a condo or nice sized apartment located right off Las Vegas Blvd and Harmon.
-The rooms are spacious and clean
-Hotel is quiet.
It wasn't fully booked, but it also wasn't completely dead either.
I saw a lot of people entering in and out of here.
So my guess, this is just one of those hotels that offers peace and quiet.
-Full size kitchen with a dining area
-Living room
-Decent views of the strip
-Nice lobby with a great staff at your beck/call
-Pool tables at the lobby
-Cafe that serves sandwiches, Starbucks, and even gelato
-Fitness Room.
Being a resident of Las Vegas, it's easy to take the strip for granted.
Don't get me wrong, I avoid the strip at all cost to avoid the crazy "Vegas Baby" crowds.
Staying here, you'll forget that you're on the strip, but at the same time, get to enjoy what the strip has to offer.
We took advantage of our stay here and played tourist the night we had a room.
We walked the strip at night, did some shopping, visited a friend, and then the next morning went for run.
I had a great time and am sure it was due to my company and comfortable night.
This hotel has a lot to offer and even though we didn't take advantage of everything that a staycation is all about, I can say one thing...the Marriot Grand Chateau is a nice place to sleep at.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (498/500)
What happened Lahaina?
Lahaina definitely took a step down since the last time I've been here.
I use to think Lahaina had some of the best food with decent prices.
The prices have since changed.
This place use to sport a 50% all day Happy Hour.
Now, it's only 10%.
I had their Yellow Tail Nigiri, Salmon Nigiri, Tempura Shrimp Roll, and Spicy Tuna Hand Roll.
I didn't think the food was that great.
Both nigiris were small and the fish didn't taste as fresh as other sushi joints out here.
The Tempura Shrimp Roll was actually ordered on accident.
I didn't realize that this was a deep fried roll.
I thought it had too much tempura, which took over the taste of the actual roll.
As for their hand roll, this was the only thing that was fairly sized, but the tuna had a paste type texture.
Taste wasn't that great either.
If there was anything good about the food, it's probably just the price.
Even though Lahaina no longer has the 50% Happy Hour, the prices for everything is still pretty cheap.
One hand roll, two sushi rolls, and four nigiris cost about $30.
This is not bad at all.
It's the ambiance of the place that takes the biggest plunge.
After 11 PM, this place becomes a 21 and over hang out.
I thought everyone looked and acted even younger to the point that Lahaina reminded me of a teen club.
The music is dialed up so loud that I could barely hear the conversation that I was having with my friend.
Because of all this, Lahaina now attracts a bunch of the young cats that were up to no good.
While outside, I was even approached at least three times and asked if I was a cop.
I guess I have that look, but it's more paranoia from this kids if you ask me.
Overall, I can no longer suggest this place to friends or family.
In the past, this is where I shipped them.
Now with all the other options in Las Vegas, Lahaina sits at the bottom.
The one thing going for Lahaina is their bar and hours.
Other than that, I think I will pass on Lahaina.
At the airport at 5:30 AM, starving since I haven't eaten in about an hour, and with nothing else open...my choices are slim.
There's a Starbucks open but the line was crazy long.
So, it's Auntie Anne's Pretzels for breaking the fast.
Customer service was okay, but could be better.
The line was quick, but I was the only one in it.
Then there's the food.
I got their Bacon, Egg, and Cheese Sandwich.
The sandwich was small, greasy, burnt, and did not hit the spot.
The sandwich looked like McDonald's version, but nowhere close to their taste.
Sad when McDonalds is the benchmark.
Good thing I packed some turkey meatballs, chicken breast, and shake for the flight.
I guess I should just stick to what they are known for, which is pretzels.
Not the best choice for meal #2, but it's still food.
First time ever eating from Auntie Anne's Pretzels and was little disappointed.
Still giving them 3 stars because its basically fast food and you get what you pay for.
Flip N Out Xtreme

Flip N Out Extreme is a great place for a kid to be a kid.
It's great for adults too.
I was here with a bunch of co-workers.
Objective was to team build, have fun, and forget about work.
And since we are all at least 40 years of age, another objective was for everyone to leave in one piece.
All objectives met!
Flip N Out is cool and I wish places like this existed when I was a kid.
Heck, it would have been cool if they had places like this when my daughter was a kid.
Flip N Out is an indoor trampoline park with rock climbing and laser tag.
We skipped anything related to bouncing, jumping, climbing and flipping.
Our only safe option for us was laser tag.
Our laser tag instructor did a great job powering on the 5-minute instructional video and letting us know when it was time to play.
After the video, we were separated into teams and the game was on.
I had a fun time laser tagging anyone in my way, including my own teammates.
Each game lasted 15 minutes and of course, my team won.
Most importantly, we had a lot of fun and left in one piece.
Overall, it's hard not to be a fan of Flip N Out Xtreme.
Hot and New!!
We are so lucky in Las Vegas.
A lot of popular restaurants from Hawaii, California, and even New York have opened.
Not everyone likes it, but I do.
The more, the merrier.
Cinnamon's is "Hot & New".
New to the 702, not to the 808.
Cinnamon's is clean, spacious, and the service is great.
They're known for their Guava Chiffon Pancakes and Signature Benedicts.
I don't prefer my eggs Benny style and can't eat fruit.
I also heard from other Yelpers that their stacks are a little dry.
So, as far as their signature plates go, I didn't even give them an attempt.
I did have their Kalbi and Prime Rib meals.
Both come with two eggs and a side.
The Kalbi is delicious and marinated perfectly.
Cinnamon's Prime Rib meal is a steal at only $16.95.
You get 10 oz.
of prime rib, two eggs, and a side.
Now that's value that taste pretty good too.
The rest of the menu consist of their Signature Benedicts, 5 types of pancakes, omelets, and 3 types of Loco Moco's.
Overall, I'm a fan and since I have an office close by, I will be back soon.
Loco Moco, you are next.
Just a note...
My only gripe is the upcharge for an extra egg or egg whites.
An extra egg is $1.75 and egg whites is $2.25.
It never made sense to me why egg whites would cost more than whole eggs.
Pay more, get less???
This can get very expensive if you eat as many eggs as I do.
Desserts is stressed spelled backwards.
After a long stressful day at work, desserts is the best cure.
After a great meal at a restaurant as fantastic as Yonaka's, desserts is a bonus.
You can say that I had the best of both worlds with my most recent visit to the Perfect Scoop and Boba Tea.
As soon as I walked in, I'm greeted with a menu making me decide whether I get ice cream or boba.
How about both?
So, I asked the owner if anyone gets ice cream with boba as a topping.
He replied "Yes, only if you're young".
I thought that his response was hilarious, but at the same time not sure if he was implying I was young or old.
It didn't matter because I decided on getting ice cream with boba anyway.
I opted for a scoop of Butter Pecan, a scoop of Cappuccino, and topped it with Boba.
All of this was served in a green tea waffle bowl.
The ice cream is homemade here and it was simply delicious.
I love the taste of Butter Pecan ice cream combined with the taste of coffee.
You can say this was the perfect scoop.
The owner also hooked us up with some green tea which oddly compliments everything I had.
Come to think of it, I had exactly what the name of this joint portrays.
I had a perfect scoop, with boba, and washed it down with green tea.
PS:  Love the "Asian Flavors"!!
I'm Asian and never knew I had my own flavor.
Well done Perfect Scoop, well done.
I'm a fan of FedEx because they take care of all my printing and shipping needs.
I have a work account with FedEx.
So, I guess I have no choice but to use FedEx when my copies, prints, and shipping is work related.
I'm comparing this FedEx Office to the rest around town.
This location is the largest and the customer service is always on point.
Shipping here is 100% full service.
Some locations require that you complete shipping/receiving paperwork when you're sending your packages out.
This location doesn't all that stuff.
Shipping is much simpler here.
They take your info at the register, process your package, and hand over the tracking number.
The staff is so efficient.
I'm always in and out.
That reminds me...there's an In-N-Out not too far from here.
Yes...I'm reviewing a fast food restaurant.
Usually for me to review one, I had an awesome experience, really bad one, or because I'm the temporary Duke.
For this Carl's Jr., it's because the service is great and I'm the current Duke.
Besides, this Carl's deserves their props.
This Carl's is conveniently sandwiched between Gold's Gym and Spartan Nutrition.
I know, ironic.
But when I'm in the mood for some high calorie, high fat, and workout killing burger, it's the Gold's and Spartan that whispers in my head "don't do it".
And I usually don't.
I usually opt for their Turkey, Chicken, and Fish Burgers.
All are fast, cheap, healthy (depending what you have on it), and surprisingly good.
Carl's is one of those options that won't have leaving with that guilt feeling.
As for service, this had to be one of the better Carl's when it comes to that.
Usually no wait here and the staff is friendly.
I don't think too many people eat here because it's a ghost town up here.
Don't let the look of the parking lot or drive through fool you, they are open.
PS:   Sorry Carl's Jr.
I really wanted In-N-Out, but they were closed for Easter.
So, I settled with you guys.
But I learned that you have one killer Alantic Cod Sandwich.
I will be back for that for sure.
I'm not claiming that Toros has the best tapas in town, but they are good enough for me to come back.
I've been here just twice and I'm a fan.
Here's what you get at Toros...
-Smoke Free
-TV Screens (a lot of them and perfect for the game)
-Great Service
-Spacious Joint
-Inexpensive mini dishes (i.e.
tapas)
-Happy Hour Specials (look for the red star on the menu)
-New Establishment
-Not too busy

Tapas (My Rankings):
-Oxtail:  My goodness, this is good..ness.
It's a bit rich, but nothing beat their fall off the bone oxtail.
Perfect with rice.
-Asparagus:  Grilled to perfection.
I think I can eat two orders on my own.
-Bacon Wrapped Dates:  Pretty good.
Not sure what was better, the bacon or the dates.
Regardless, still tasty.
-Meatballs:  Not the best that I've had, but a good addition if you're looking to add some meat to your diet.
My opinion, the sauce was a little runny.
There's a lot more that I've tried and a lot more on their menu that I haven't tried.
For now, it's their oxtail and asparagus that keeps me wanting more.
Thumbs up for price, value, and selection.
Truffles N Bacon Cafe - Las Vegas, NV

We were in the area and I was craving breakfast, of course.
I finally was able to check off this long time bookmark.
Truffles N Bacon is located south of the strip off Eastern Avenue and Pebble Road.
Their menu consist of eggs, omelets, waffles, pancakes, sandwiches, cheesy mac combinations, burgers, soups, and salads.
Finding the right meal for you shouldn't be an issue at all.
With all of the different options at Truffles N Bacon, I stuck with something my diet needed and that's eggs.
I got their Country Scramble ($10.90).
This scramble is 3 eggs with bacon and sausage.
I also added chicken breast to up the calories and protein.
This meal also comes with potatoes and biscuits & gravy.
For less than $11, this was a good deal and tasted good too.
The portions were on point.
It's their biscuit and gravy that stood out the most.
The biscuit itself was buttery and even though it was drenched in gravy, it was still flaky and had some crunch to it.
I just loved it.
The service was fantastic and the owner is as good as it gets.
If you're in the area and debating where to dine for breakfast, you really don't need to look further.
Truffles N Bacon will not disappoint.
New Owners!!
I didn't review Fix8 when it was ran by the original owners.
I would have given Fix8 5 stars if I did.
There are a few changes now that ownership of Fix8 has changed.
Shirley B posted some of the changes on her updated review and the changes are really minor.
Their menu is pretty much the same.
Proteins include steaks, chicken, fish.
Carbs include sweet potato, white rice, and brown rice.
Veggies include broccoli, spinach, and asparagus.
The location still serves Acai bowls and smoothies.
I recently had their garlic steak, egg whites, and grilled asparagus.
I originally wanted whole eggs, but it's no longer available.
The employee at the register stated that they no longer have whole eggs because they only serve "healthy" food here.
Well, excuse me!
Since when is a whole egg considered unhealthy?
I know.
It's higher in fat, higher calorie, and supposedly bad for your cholesterol.
Egg whites may have enough of the desired macros, which is protein.
But it's missing the micronutrients that the yolk provides, like vitamin A, D, E, and K.  In my opinion, Fix8 should have both whole eggs and egg whites.
Anyway, back to the review.
The garlic steak did its job and provided me with protein.
However, something was a little off with the steak.
I can't pin point it.
It just wasn't as good as it used to be.
It didn't even look as good as it used to be (see photos).
The asparagus spears are a lot smaller and wasn't nearly as good they were before.
As for the eggs, Fix8 hooked up the egg whites because they no longer serve whole eggs.
They more than made up for the protein with the hook up, but it still lacked the fat that I needed.
Overall, I'm still a fan of Fix8 because I like their business model.
The service was friendly, the prices are okay, and there's still enough on the menu to keep my macros in check.
When it comes to great customer service, happy employees, and good coffee, Dutch Bros. Coffee has it all.
I'm rarely in the area.
Otherwise, I would be here a lot more.
Dutch Bros. Coffee is 24 hours and serves a great tasting Americano at the best price in town.
A large 32 oz.
Americano cost only $3.00, which is a huge bargain compared to most.
Their Americano is smooth, but not very strong and extra shots can be added if you need a huge caffeine hit.
I usually stick to just an Americano.
But if you must know, their menu also consist of basic coffees, blended drinks, smoothies, teas, energy drinks, and a few muffins.
Dutch Bros. Coffee is known for their excellent customer service and very happy employees.
Disneyland may be known as the happiest place on earth.
To me, Dutch Bros. Coffee is the happiest "coffee" place on earth.
Bar none!!
Lines, lines, and more lines.
I will try to avoid this FedEx because there's always a line.
But there are times that I have no choice since packages are sometimes sent to me for pick up.
Your best move is to get here early or right when they open.
The service is the not quickest and I suggest that you come here prepared with the items that you're delivering already boxed and the shipping info already completed.
I also suggest that you call them prior to picking up your packages.
There have been multiple times when my packages are on route or the drivers still have it in their possession even though my FedEx memo states it's ready for pick up.
Dropping off pre-paid packages is a lot easier since you can use their drop box located right in front of their doors.
I'm not too sure about the pricing since I have an account with FedEx.
As real and authentic as it gets!!
As good as it gets!!
Terri R and I were planning our next meal together and when she found out that I haven't had a good pizza in at least 3 years, she gave me a choice of 3 different places out here.
Not knowing where to go (remember I haven't had a good pizza in awhile), Terri suggested Due Forni.
When it comes to pizza in general, you have your branded commercialized choices (i.e.
Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, etc), NY Style, Chicago deep dish, and the authentic stuff.
Due Forni is the authentic stuff for sure.
Their easy one page menu, descriptions of the pizzas, and the pictures from other Yelpers immediately reminded me of my last visit in Italy.
I even knew what to expect; a thin crusted, a little runny, and a very tasty pizza that wasn't overwhelmingly saucy.
If I got anything different, I would be disappointed.
We chose the Quattro Formaggi which consisted bufala mozzarella (cheese from water buffalo milk), ricotta, parmesan, and fontina fontal (cheese from cow milk).
Your crust choices are Napoletana (cooked in their 900 degree oven, result is a chewy crust with crispy outside) or their Romana (cooked in their 500 degree oven result is a thin and crispy pizza).
We got the Napoletana and it was simply delicious.
The pizza was just what I expected and exactly what I've experienced in Italy itself.
The inside decor, seating, and colors even reminded me of some restaurants in Firenze.
Service was great and the waitress took the time to give me, since I am the noob here, a detailed description of everything on the menu.
She also reminded us that we can add any type of topping on our pizza of choice.
Authentic pizza without the European prices equals a perfect a deal.
You really can't go wrong with Due Forni if authentic pizza is your thing.
If you enjoy the Americanized branded pizza, Chicago Style or New York Style, then Due Forni may or might not be for you.
But if you ever experienced a pizza the way it's suppose to be made and loved it, then Due Forni is a can't miss, a must try, and as good as it gets.
Visit again or bookmark it, you can' go wrong.
PS: Thanks Terri R.  Pizza slump cured!!!
Dave & Buster's usually doesn't need an introduction because they're found all over.
But it's new here and some type of brief introduction is needed.
Best way to describe a Dave & Buster's....it's a Chuck E' Cheese for kids and adults.
I don't have little one anymore.
She's now an adult.
But when she was a child, she loved Dave & Busters.
Her competitive juices would flow, she would play games just for the tickets, and later hit up the gift shop.
I was that proud dad that would spend over $50 on games to win a $10 toy.
Yup, as long as my princess was happy, I was happy.
Times have change and I no longer find D&B as fun as it used to be.
It's loud and this location's no different.
This location is the smallest D&B that I have ever been to.
The games are newer and cost a grip to play.
Is it me or are the games that win tickets just getting harder and harder to win at?
As for the food, I haven't tried a lot here.
The only items that I tried was their burger, the sliders, the fries, the ribs, the salmon, the wings, the chicken breast, the tenders, the onion rings, the onion strings, the pretzel dogs, the nachos, the pizza, and tots.
Oh yeah, I almost forgot.
I also had their calamari, the quesadilla, spinach dip, cheese sticks, NY steak, BBQ chicken, and mac & cheese.
Other than that, I really haven't tried much of their food.
The only item that really stands out is their ribs and BBQ chicken.
Now, those are pretty damn good.
I have also been here for a meeting.
Having a meeting here is pretty cool.
D&B set us up in a private room with a few lunch options from the menu.
After the meeting, a D&B employee set us up on a scavenger hunt.
This was fun and I highly recommend.
D&B gave prizes and swag to the winners.
And by the way, my team won.
The last time I was here was with my girlfriend, our friend, and our friend's son.
My girlfriend and friend played the giant sized Pac-Man, while I spent time with our friend's son playing video games.
He loved all the games, PR'd a few of them, and had a smile from ear to ear.
That's enough to put a smile on face too.
If he's a fan, then I'm a fan.
4 Stars!!!
2017 Yelp Review #22
I'm Mel C. and I approve this restaurant.
Wow!
That's all I gots to say about Yonaka.
So many great reviews here and it's not at all just hype.
Yonaka delivers in all aspects from ambiance, location, service, presentation, and of course the food.
This has been bookmarked ever since I read Cathy L's review in January.
Also, the current Duke of Yonaka aka Arvin C and his beautiful wife C-Dub also recommended this place to us.
So it's set.
Me, Sugi, and T-Elite changed our original Friday night plans and headed here for dinner.
Best decision we made all week.
Yonaka is legit!!!
-Food:  I enjoyed every dish that I had and when it comes to freshness, Yonaka is the "Duke of Freshness".
Their fish is even delivered straight from Japan.
I had their Horse Mackerel Nigiri, Yellow Tail Nigiri, Yellow Tail Hamachi, Yellow Tail Shashimi, Spicy Tuna Hand Roll, Asparagus w/rice crisp & spicy mustard, and their Spider Roll.
Come to think of it, this is a lot of food that I just ate for about $30.
Every dish is prepared and presented like a piece of art.
You have to check out the pictures to know exactly what I'm talking about.
I don't think a review does the food any justice.
You just have to come by and check them out for yourself.
-Service:  Woohoo!
As good as it gets!
Jax and Tiffany were great.
Jax came to our table and explained everything to us, the history, about the food, etc.
Jax is such a darling.
How often do you go to a restaurant where the staff shakes your hand and introduces themselves to you?
Think about it for a second.
Here, they do exactly that.
We even had two servers (Ashley and Mike) and they were both attentive.
One thing they do here at Yonaka is that they serve each of your dishes one at a time.
This means no crowded table full of empty plates and no food confusion.
I think they watch when you're about done with one of your dishes, then serve the next one.
Perfect timing here and I love it.
When we were done eating, Jax gave us her number so we can spread the word.
I guess she knew we were all very satisfied.
So many positives about this place.
Here's another one...it's close to the strip for you out of towners.
I think I could go broke eating here, but not because it's expensive.
The prices are fair here.
I think I'd go broke because I could eat everything on this menu.
PS:  Yonaka...Can't wait!!!
Why did the chicken cross the road?
To get away from me, that's why.
I will go through phases throughout the year when I am eating a lot of chicken and I mean A LOT.
And when I get bored of silly chicken breast that I'm cooking at home, a place like Chick-fil-A fits just perfect.
We all could EAT MOR CHIKIN every once in a while.
Las Vegas was in a need of a Chick-fil-A for a very, very long time.
Chick-fil-A is known for their chicken sandwich and waffle fries.
Both are very good.
I recommend trying both if you're a first timer.
Their menu has also improved over the past 10 years.
Some of the items that used to be on their "secret" menu are now permanent items at Chick-fil-A.
My favorites include their waffle fries, the chicken nuggets, and their grilled chicken nuggets.
Their nuggets is lightly breaded, made with real chicken, and taste delicious.
Where else can you get 12 chicken nuggets that's less than 410 calories, carbs less than 20 grams, and protein over 40 grams?
And if the fat is too high for you on their nuggets, there's always the option to go grilled (8 nuggets is only 140 calories with 23 grams of protein).
Sorry for the nutritional lesson, but that's why I love Chick-fil-A.
Their chicken is not mystery meat, it's packed with quality protein, and still taste good.
This location is busy and it's going to be like this for a long time.
One way to avoid the long drive thru and walk-in lines is to download Chick-fil-A's One App.
It's so convenient.
I placed our order through my phone, we walked to the front, and within 10 minutes, our order was handed to us.
We then skipped the lines, walked right in, and dined inside.
That's how it's done, folks.
I know that there's going to be a lot of haters out there.
Some will call Chick-fil-A hype.
Some will even say that they know of other places that are better.
Everyone is going to have their say.
Everyone is going to have their own opinion.
But for me, I'm more than just a fan.
I love Chick-fil-A.
Good luck, Chick-fil-A.
Welcome to Las Vegas!!!
TIP #1:  Closed on Sunday
TIP #2:  EAT MOR CHIKIN!
2017 Yelp Review #124
All Good!!
It's all good here at Makai.
All of my experiences at Makai have been really good ones.
This is fast Hawaiian food at its finest.
Ordering your food is simple...choose your size (small, medium, or large), your meats (chicken, pork, steak, or Ahi tuna), your base (white or brown rice), and finally your sides (edamame, veggies, corn, mac salad, or kimchee slaw).
The pricing is as good as it gets and I dare you to find another restaurant that sells quality Hawaiian food that even comes close.
The Ono, which is their small, is $4.99 and comes with your choice of one meat, rice, and a side.
The Ono'er, which is their medium, is $6.99 and comes with 2 meats, rice, and 2 sides.
The best value is their The Ono'est, which is their large, is $8.49 and comes with 3 meat sources, rice, and 2 sides.
Steak is an extra buck and the poke depends on their current market price.
I had their bowls and love the teri chicken.
I also like the fact that you can also order a la carte.
My most recent order was a side of 5 oz.
steak and a 1/2 lb.
Spicy Ahi Poke.
Both were great and at that price, a steal.
Overall, I do recommend and wish a place like Makai would open all over Las Vegas.
2017 Yelp Review #41
Hard Rock Hotel & Casino (2017 Yelp Review #232)

Back in day, the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino was where I stayed the most when I was just a visitor.
The hotel is located away from the strip, the rooms are comfortable, and the conference rooms are affordable.
With the exception of Saturday night, the room rates are around $100.
If you're a gambler, then the Hard Rock is not for you since there isn't a ton of tables or machines.
As for great restaurants, you will not find that here.
If there's a huge plus with the Hard Rock, it's their fitness room.
This gym is stacked with real weights and a view of the pool.
Rehab!!
I'm not a total fan of Subway , but good enough if you need something quick.
Only eaten here once and considering it was lunch time, wasn't busy.
This Subway is actually hidden in a Big Lots and Target shopping center.
Gave this place 4 stars just for service alone.
Had a 6 in wheat with quadruple chicken breast.
Basically it's 2 foot long chicken breast, but in only 6 inches of bread.
This is what I usually get a Subway.
High protein, lower carbs.
I've confused these sandwich artists with these orders in the past so I usually tell them a foot long, double meat, but put everything on one side.
After it was oven roasted, my sandwich artist checked the meat and noticed that some pieces were still cold.
She re-cooked just the chicken and I didn't even request it.
She knew what I was striving for and made it happen.
She's great and built my sandwich with a smile.
I will be back for sure.
Hopefully, I'm lucky and get the same sandwich artist.
Believe me, some have messed this order up before.
Add ranch to the side to dip and it's perfect.
Starbucks - Terminal C

This has to be the busiest Starbucks inside McCarran airport.
There's always line, especially early in the morning.
Don't expect a lot of chit chat from the staff.
Don't even expect eye contact and excellent service.
They are busy here and the hustle real.
I will avoid this Starbucks, but there are times when I just can't stop the feeling.
When I need my Americano, I'll get my Americano.
The prices are not jacked up too much and the lines are handled fairly quickly.
It also helps that this Starbucks has a good Americano.
Located right across from Red Rock Casino and Resort.
Everytime I've eaten here, it's never by plan.
It's always been because either Yard House (at Red Rock) is too busy or I happen to be on that side of Charleston.
As for the food.
Probably tried almost everything on the menu at some point.
My favorites include their Spinach Dip, Salmon, Lasagna, Pazookie, and their Great White Pizza.
If you haven't tried their Pazookie, then you must try at least once.
I prefer the Peanut Butter Cookie Pazookie over the Chocolate Chip.
My favorite dish is the Great White Pizza.
Chicago deep dish style pizza that taste like a pasta alfredo.
I love it when they burn the crust a little.
Sometimes I request it.
Service is just average, but really good during lunch.
I have to say, service is better than Yard House across the street.
Any BJ's is a safe bet when your with a group and everyone is undecided where to eat.
One things for sure, getting a table is a lot easier here than in the one's I frequent in California.
Just your normal Burger Joint in my opinion.
One thing about this location that I like is the location.
Literally outside this restaurant is a ton of places to eat at in a one mile radius.
If you're in the mood for burgers around here, you have IN-N-Out, Five Guys, use to have Create, and this place.
The inside of this place is always clean and all you will see is red.
Fine with me, just as long as all I see isn't blue.
When you walk into this place, it is deceivingly busy.
Long lines during lunch time, but line goes through quick.
The sfaff also brings the food to you.
A plus for me is that this place has real silverware.
I'm a dipper when I eat burgers.
So I usually cut my burgers in 3 portions so that I can dip them.
Doing this with plastic silverware is sometimes a challenge.
Now for the food.
I haven't tried any of their angus burgers at this point.
When it comes to burgers, I like them plain (meat, cheese, bun, and that's it).
So, I can only review their Chicken Sandwiches.
-Crispy Chicken Sandwhich w/Swiss:  Had ranch added and it's pretty good.
Reminds me of the Charleston Chicken Sandwich that Denny's use to have.
-Grilled Chicken Sandwhich w/Swiss:  Tasted a little bland

-Smash Fries:  Addicting

-Bottled Water:  $2 for a bottle of Crystal Geyser water.
You can get a case of this water at Big Lots for less than $3.
-Milk Shakes:  I've been lectured more than once because I have never tried their shakes.
Everyone I've talk to swears by them.
So if you're reading this, try their shakes!!
My rating may change after I try their angus burgers and shakes, but for now just a 4 because I left satified everytime.
Okay..I will try to be fair here with Sushi Loca.
Keep in mind, 3 stars doesn't mean that this place is horrible.
It just means Sushi Loca was just okay.
Let's start with the restaurant and service.
This is one of the bigger sushi restaurants that you'll find out here.
I dig the decor, colors, and huge sushi bar.
As for service, they strive at this as well.
I had zero issue with their service and ambiance.
Good start so far.
Now for what's important, the food.
I didn't try their $9.95 two-item lunch special, but this seemed to be the trend for every one else that was eating here.
By the looks of what people were eating, looks like a great deal with huge portions.
I chose their fish only dishes which were their;

-Yellow Tail and Salmon Sashimi:  Probably the highlight of my lunch.
Fresh, not fishy, and thick slices of fishes.
Some people like their shashimi thinly cut, but it doesn't matter to me as long as it's tasty and fresh.
Sushi Loca got this right.
-Spicy Tuna and Salmon Skin Hand Roll:  Compared to other sushi spots, these hand rolls are a lot bigger.
Regarding taste, I've had better.
-Taste Like My X-Girlfriend:  This is one of their Extraordinary Rolls (aka Yum Yum Rolls).
Regarding the name, which girlfriend are they talking about?
No but seriously, their Extraordinary Rolls had names like "Love My Ass", "I Did Your Girlfriend", "Taste Like My X-Girlfriend" and "Sex on the Beach".
The names are amusing, but not the type of menu that you give to your young kids to read.
I will dabble in a few Western Rolls every once in a while.
I only did it here because I was just curious.
The "Taste Like My X-Girlfriend" consist of shrimp tempura, crab, scallops, spicy tuna, and all of this was covered with their crunch sauce.
I didn't think it was bad.
It just had too much going on.
If I get this next time, I will probably tell them to cut the crunch sauce and mayo.
The food here isn't bad depending what you get.
I'm not a fan of the rolls I got, but loved their shashimi.
But because this place lacked AYCE, I had to spend all I can spend.
Overall, nothing really special here at Sushi Loca.
I spent close to $50 for the same quality that I could have gotten at Yummy, I-Naba, and Kazien at half the price.
What's going on here???
I'm still a fan of Johnny Rockets' burgers, especially their Rocket Double.
Their burgers taste similar to Fatburger in my opinion.
Burgers are usually juicy and what sets them apart is their seasoned bun.
But my most recent visit wasn't as good.
First issue was that no one was at the counter or even the cooking area.
They even have a bell by the register, which only means they do this a lot.
I didn't ring the bell because it's their job to service me, not mine to request for service.
One of the employees noticed me, apologized about the wait, and took my order.
I wasn't a jerk, but he could tell I didn't look happy.
He did his best and I credit him for that.
Francine G. gave them 1 start for poor service and a long wait.
I had just okay service, but also a long wait.
For a FF Burger Joint, shouldn't take longer than 20 minutes for a burger, honestly.
It did and glad it didn't take 45 mins like it did for Francine.
Burger this time wasn't juicy.
In fact, it was a bit dry.
This visit was 2 stars at most during this visit, but I have also received 4 star service/quality in the past at this location.
So, my overall right now is 3 stars.
NOTE:  Aliante is no longer a Station Casino.
I can't place it yet, but a lot of things at this casino has changed.
See Aliante review update.
Took my tween here for Justin Bieber last night.
My mini me was excited and I gained a ton of daddy points for this one.
Actually my first concert where there was no lines for beer, I didn't experience any fights, and the men's rest rooms were empty.
Complete opposite at every NFL game, NBA game, and even other concerts.
But this review is for the venue.
So, here we go.
-I thought the Grand Garden was a bit small.
I considered this a pro because nose bleed seats is still close.
I've been to nose bleed seats where you feel like you'll fall to your death walking to your seats or actually get a nose bleed.
-Entrance:  Staff and crowds well organized.
-Exit:  Complete opposite then when you arrive.
If you watch the whole event, the crowds on the way out can be bombarding.
I felt like cattle at first.
No big....I played fullback for the night and bouldered my way through.
My daughter had it easy with my NFL style blocking.
-Parking:  Use the structure and it's actually quick and easy in/out.
-Valet:  Nope.
Wish they had it for us commoners.
-Staff will help you to your seats if you are lost or can't read your ticket.
TIP:  Since the venue is a bit small, this place can get really loud.
Imagine 10,000+ screaming teens.
If I ever go to another Justin Bieber concert again, I will bring a bag of ear plugs and sell them by the door.
I would have made a killing.
5 star steaks at close to half the price!!!
That pretty much sums up my review for the Charcoal Room.
Don't let the fact that both Charcoal Rooms in Las Vegas is located inside a Station Casino.
This Charcoal Room and the one located inside the Sante Fe Station doesn't seem to get a lot of Yelp attention and I have no idea why.
For me, it's all about service, value, and taste.
The Charcoal room delivers on all three.
First of all, service is "as good as it gets".
You rarely have to wait, your orders are taken quick, food doesn't take forever, and your drinks are kept full.
And don't be surprised if almost every employee stops what they're doing to greet you.
Now that's what I call service.
The steaks at the Charcoal Room rival some of the high end establishments around town.
I swear, the Charcoal Room should have a blind taste test with the other steak joints out here.
I bet they come out on top or at least close.
Their steaks are pretty damn good and literally melt in your mouth.
I have also tried their lobster, king crab legs, every side, most of their desserts, and some of their salads.
Besides their dry carrot cake, everything that I sampled didn't disappoint.
Trust me with this mini, non-informative review.
You can't go wrong with the Charcoal Room
.
This has to be one of my favorite Hotels/Casinos in Las Vegas.
-Always clean.
Still has the new look and is not one of those casinos that smells like smoke everywhere you go.
-Staff:  Best Associates and service from Valet to Table Dealers.
You always feel welcome, unlike some places where you can tell it's always a hustle for them.
-Ambiance:  Mostly locals, but a lot from California.
I think the M caters to the California crowd.
-Restaurants:  Studio B, Deli, great oyster bar, and Hash House.
-Gambling:  Good table games and limits kept fairly low.
Poker Room is chill too

-Pool: Great pool, similar to Red Rocks.
I never stayed in their rooms and still had access.
-Bar:  Love their bar that sits in the middle of the casino.
Plush seating and cool staff.
The bartenders always strike a conversation and they keep it going to.
-Cocktail Waitresses:  They must have some of the finest cocktail waitresses working at the M.  They even have their own calendar.
Take that Hooters!!
-Parking: I usually valet just so I can walk through their lobby where you can smell the freshness of the place.
Must be the flowers.
But if you choose against valet, their parking is easy in and out.
My only issue is that they got rid of Veloce (top of the M bar/restuarant).
Had some of the best views of Vegas while you dine and drink the night away.
Now it's used for special events.
I use to frequent M at least twice a week when I lived close.
Now that I'm a little north, I don't get much time out here.
However, I still manage a visit at least once a month.
Back in the day, like 2012 or early 2013, I used to come here a lot.
I would come here just to chill, have a drink, and people watch.
It wasn't until recently, that I finally had a meal here.
We dined here because we wanted to try something different.
Plus, it's so close to our home.
Service from start to finish was exceptional.
The chef even came out to check on us.
I was craving steak, but our waiter recommended the seafood special for the evening, which was two filets of Swai cooked in butter.
Swai is very difficult to prepare correctly.
The fish breaks down so easily and it's very tough to cook without drying it out.
Our waiter convinced me to try it.
He stated that I won't regret it.
So, I went for it.
I also got a side of their meatballs just in case the fish wasn't big enough.
I got my meal and was actually shocked that I got over 10 oz.
of fish for less than $20 in a restaurant.
I have to admit that it was one of the best prepared Swai's that I have ever had.
It was flaky and very buttery.
Taste reminded me of Black Link Cod or Butter Fish.
I guess I didn't need the extra side of meatballs anyway.
I still ate them.
I instantly became a fan of Bistro 57 after having just one dish, the Swai.
My girlfriend had their lasagna.
I'm sure it was good because she ate most of it.
Will I be back?
Bistro 57 is close to our home, the food is good, and the service is excellent.
I'm sure that I will be back.
2017 Yelp Review #47
I have had Pho just a few times.
Have to say, this place is pretty good.
I had the Pho Chicken Breast and Thigh.
Thick pieces of chicken, tasty, spicy, and price was decent.
Place is located in a pretty busy strip mall right off the 215.
Around lunch time, parking can get tough, but immediately after 2 pm it opens up.
The restaurant is a bit small and since it can get busy, you will feel a littled cramped.
Still worth it since the food is good and staff is great.
Yes...I am a fan of this Under Armour.
If I am ever at the Las Vegas Outlets (South), I always make sure that I stop at this Under Armour.
You never know when they get deals and when they do, they are usually a steal of a price.
This store is a little smaller than other UA's out there, but it's clean, the service is good, and the selection is decent.
Because this particular Under Armour is a haven for tourist or out-of-towners, a lot of their stuff can be sold out by the time you arrive.
Always happens to me when I arrive here.
I see something, walk the mall, come back and it's gone.
Next time I will ask them to hold whatever I'm interested in, but rarely do because I'm still in the indecisive mode.
Tons of shoe deals, workout gear, hats, etc.
Wish List:
-I wish they would expand their line and have some of the merch that you can find in their  online store.
-Deals:  One thing I found out is that each Under Armour may have different deals.
I've been to the Ontario CA location and this location on the same day.
The CA location had one deal and this location didn't.
I've also seen the opposite.
Overall, if you're looking for comfortable workout clothing and even casual wear, stop at this Under Armour.
The staff here is always ready to assist and even will go out of their way to check their back stock.
Just let them know what you're looking for.
Dish Function All Chefs is located inside the Hard Hat Lounge.
If you've been here before, then you know that this place is tiny.
I bookmarked DFAC immediately after I seen the recent burger photos posted on Yelp.
I also browsed the menu and noticed that the prices for everything is dirt cheap.
It was just a matter of time before I finally checked off this burger bookmark.
Daily Menu:
-7 different 8 oz.
burgers ranging from your classic to a handful of gourmet beasts.
-4 grilled cheese sandwiches
-Sides:  fries, onion rings, chicken fingers, zucchini sticks, mozzarella sticks, and a spring roll
-2 different desserts, a Funky Monkey and a mystery dessert.
Specials:
-Tuesdays: Burritos and Tacos
-Wednesdays:  Chicken, Pork, and Shrimp Bowls.
Loco Moco's too.
-Sunday is Vegan Day

I tried their Mushroom Swiss Burger and the Juicy Loose Burger (cheese stuffed burger).
Both burgers were huge, but I didn't have the same experience the rest of the Yelpers had.
Part of the massive size of their burgers is the bun.
I don't prefer burgers with too much bun.
I think it takes away from the actual main attraction and that's the meat.
Both buns were also hard AF.
The actual meat in both burgers were pretty good, but not as juicy as I expected.
I requested both burgers medium and was served something that was close to well-done.
Overall, I just wasn't impressed.
I understand all the 5 star reviews.
I really do.
The service at DFAC is top notch and sometimes excellent service makes food taste better.
At Dish Function All Chefs, you get a lot of burger for a small price.
My review shouldn't discourage anyone from coming here.
Besides, DFAC has a lot of 5 star reviews already.
I wish them the best.
50 Greatest Photographs of National Geographic Exhibit only in Las Vegas from February 15, 2013 to June 1, 2013.
I became a fan of the Imagine Exhibitions Gallery after going through the Da Vinci Exhibit in late January 2013.
I told myself that I would make an attempt to see every exhibit here moving forward.
As for the exhibit itself, I would say that it's not for everyone.
My teenager accompanied me with this visit and I could tell she was immediately bored.
As for me, I liked the exhibit.
This exhibit is all about National Geographic's most remembered or celebrated photographs stemming 125 years back.
Instead of viewing the photos in a magazine or book, you get the opportunity to see the photos enlarged in a digitally enhanced format.
Most of these photographs were made famous by the sheer beauty and timing of the photo.
At this exhibit, you get the opportunity to read the stories behind every photo.
There is also a few videos played on flat screens explaining the photographs behind the photographer's point of view.
Every photograph in this exhibit can be found online or on the ever so popular iPad App that brought this exhibit to existence.
Nothing is better than the real thing, in my opinion.
I would say this exhibit is the next best way to view these famous photographs.
I have much respect for museums and art.
To me, photography is an art form in itself.
Again, an exhibit like this isn't for everyone.
But it was for me.
I am a fan of this exhibit, but that doesn't mean I will be the Duke anytime soon.
It's one of those exhibits where you're satisfied seeing it once.
Keep in mind that this is a self guided exhibit and there's a lot of reading if you choose to read every story behind every photograph.
Cost of this exhibit is a bit high at $18 for adults or $15 if you're local.
The exhibit is here until June 1st so there's really no rush.
Besides, there's usually discounts on the last week.
PS:  Some of the nicest people working at this exhibit.
From the cashier, to the photographer that took our "Tourist Trap" green screen photo, and to the lovely lady behind the photo register booth...all were very pleasant to me and my daughter.
I didn't get a huge discount going in, but was taken care of on the way out.
Thanks again, you guys are so kind.
Don't you dare ask me about anything else on their menu because I found my favorite and I'm sticking to it.
Yes, I've tried their Grilled Coconut Curry.
Yes, I've tried their Mochiko Crispy Fried Chicken.
Yes, I've tried their chicken tenders.
And yes, they are all good and you will not be disappointed.
But for me, it's all about their Hawaiian Hen House.
Talk about good tasty chicken.
The Hawaiian Hen House is made with their "Polynesian" Sauce, 8 oz.
of dark meat chicken, toasted sesame seeds, a fried egg, rice, and vegetables.
Just describing the Hawaiian Hen House has me salivating.
The bowl is pretty big and less than $10.
Look folks, I eat a lot of chicken throughout the week.
Okay, I admit it.
I eat a lot of chicken throughout the day.
You can say that I'm a chicken pro.
So, listen to the pro.
Stop by Mochiko for the Hawaiian Hen House.
2016 Yelp Review #5
Let me start this off by stating that Fanzz is usually not my first pick when shopping sports memorabilia or FANtastic sports wear.
And here's why;

-Service is hit or miss.
Doesn't matter if they're busy or dead, sales with a smile isn't their forte.
-Selection is not the best.
-Small Store
-Prices: Average at best.
Most items are overpriced.
I will still give Fanzz at least 3 stars because it's conveniently located near one of the mall entrances, near Macy's to be exact.
Even though I'm not a fan of Fanzz, a handful of times I found what I was looking for.
And if you happen to get super service, cherish it because it may be your last.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (403/500)
It's about that time for another rhyme,
I came here for dinner with my partner in dine.
They're in Santa Fe Station, up around the Northwest,
We dined here for dinner for our Pan Roast taste test.
Let's start with the service, specifically the wait,
40 minutes, not bad.
Not gonna hate.
I was a little annoyed since tables needed bussing,
The food was fabulous.
So, I ain't fussing.
I had the oysters and we shared the rest,
When it comes to Pan Roast, OB's the best.
The chowder was thick, tasty, and hearty,
The oysters were huge and can feed a party.
Back to the highlight and I'll keep it real,
At $22.99, the Pan Roast's a steal.
Tons of bisque, lobster, crab, and shrimp,
Just like Palace Station, this one doesn't skimp.
Our cook remembered us and his name is Al,
He asked our opinion.
My response was WOW!
I told him that their Pan Roast was awesome and the rest was good,
What's even better?
You're in my hood.
Peace!!!
TIP #1:  Get extra rice if you want your Pan Roast thicker.
TIP #2:  They don't charge extra for sharing.
TIP #3:  Come hungry.
NOTES:
-40 minute wait on a Friday night.
-Opens at 5:00 PM


2016 Yelp Review #29
I have a goal this year to write at least ten In-N-Out reviews in 2017.
Here is In-N-Out review number one.
I've been to this location a handful of times.
It's conveniently located by one of my offices.
It's so close that I could smell the Animal Fries from across the parking lot.
I think that I would be here a lot more, but it's so damn busy.
The drive thru lines are long.
The lines inside is even longer.
A typical order for me is a Double Double (spread only & extra toast), with fries, and an extra Cheeseburger (also with spread only & extra toast).
Lately, I've been sticking to just two Flying Dutchman's (4 patties / 4 cheese).
Overall, I can't complain.
The lines may be long, but always worth it.
In-N-Out is a staple meal for me, especially when I'm dieting.
2017 In-N-Out Review #1 / 2017 Yelp Review #6
Last time I stay at this hotel was in May 2012.
From February 2011 through June 2011, I pretty much lived here.
Pros:
-Nice rooms, epecially for the price.
During the week, the rooms are as low as $50.
Rooms are clean, fully stocked, and comfortable

-TV: Big enough flat screen, but not many channels.
This is the hotels trick to keep you out of your room and into the casino

-Bingo:  Plenty of late nights killing time playing bingo.
Not bad, fun actually.
I'm one of those lazy bingo players that have the machines.
-Movies:  Movie Theater upstairs near the Bingo and Bowling.
A lot of locals here.
When I stay at this hotel, I never watched a movie here.
Now that I live here, I watched movies a handful of times here.
-Bowling:  Convenient that there's place to bowl in all hours of the day.
But regardless what time you come in, there always seems to be some league going.
Or, it's crazy busy.
Only bowled here twice.
I end up heading to the Orleans if I'm down for late night bowling.
-Gaming:  I don't gamble much anymore so I can't judge.
But I do check out the Poker Room from time to time, even now.
Not a bad room to play at.
It's rarely busy and you'll be playing with mostly locals.
-Parking and Valet:  Better than anywhere on the strip.
-Fitness Room, Spa, and Pool:  Love them all, especially the staff.
There is a cost to use their gym.
But sometimes I get in for free.
Doesn't hurt to ask.
-Bar and Eats:  About average.
When it comes to drinking and eating, it sometimes comes down to who your company is.
I've always had a good time here with whoever I'm with.
-Perfect if you are traveling with kids.
There's movies, bowling, pools, and an arcade.
Cons:
The only issue is that this hotel/casino is located off the strip.
Don't let the Las Vegas Blvd address fool you.
I actually prefer that, but the "Vegas Baby!!"
crowd may not.
Overall,  I recommend this place for anyone coming into town or locals that want a nice and clean hotel at a good price.
Don't come here thinking it's going to be the Bellagio or Mandalay.
But it's far better than Hotels like Circus Circus and Tropicana.
My first time to Brio Tuscan Grille.
I know, I know...I've been missing out.
I love me some Italian food, even though I don't get to eat it much.
Based on their menu, there's enough of a selection for everyone.
There's even a "Lighter Side Menu", which I chose to partake in.
Lighter side choices range from lean steaks, chicken, salmon, salads, and some white fish (i.e.
Mahi Mahi and Tilapia).
Of course, I went with their 5 oz Filet Brio.
This was served with asparagus and sweet potato.
You can't go wrong with grilled asparagus and their sweet potato was amazing.
My only issue with both...wish I had more.
As for their 5 oz filet, I had this cooked medium-well.
In the last 2 weeks I've had steak at least 3 other times at well respected steakhouses.
No joke...I think Brio's was up there in tenderness, taste, and presentation.
My entree was less than 400 calories and a little over $20.
Bang for your buck without a bang on your nutrition!
The ambiance was great.
You gotta love the tall ceilings.
Our server was great as well.
I know that this is an Italian restaurant and I didn't get anything Italian.
But their steaks are good and for that alone, I am a fan.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (485/500)
After a nice dinner and a great time in DTLV with Terri R, our last stop for the evening was dessert.
In fact, we purposely put dessert aside because of all the hype that Kuma has been receiving the last couple of nights.
It seemed like every Vegas Yelper, at least the ones we knew, were checking in.
We were no different and had to see what's really going on.
Well, what's really going on?
For me, not much anyway.
My first impression of the place was cool.
I mean, this place is cold.
Kuma goes out of the way to make you feel like you're in an igloo with the their snow decor, polar bear, and even ice looking flooring.
My first thought, this place would be perfect to go to during the summer to just chill.
I mean that literally.
As for their "snow cream", I wasn't too impressed.
First of all, not fluffy like advertised.
That's no big because it's all about taste and satisfaction for me.
I opted for their Taro w/Red Bean, Mochi, and Capt N Crunch.
I thought taste was pretty good, but texture wasn't what I expected.
Again, I expected a fluffy snow type feel.
What I got was texture close to froyo.
Taste wise, I'd give them 4 stars.
But why the overall 3 stars?
Here's why;
1.
Selection:  Not much of a choice of flavors here.
I'm not saying there should be a plethora of flavors, but 5 just doesn't cut it for me.
2.
Price:  You have choice of two sizes.
Their smaller size is their "Ninja" and their biggest size is their "Sumo".
Both are pricey, with the Ninja costing $5.
The cup size is huge, but this is where the disappointment starts.
Look at the pictures all over this joint and even the pictures that Kuma has posted.
You see their snow cream over-flowing at least 2 inches above the rim.
Now look at the pictures that Yelpers have posted, even mine.
You see skimpy portions and this is where they get you.
But I get it.
Their $5 small is named Ninja for a reason.
Silent, but deadly....on your wallet that is.
I'm giving this place 3 stars for now because Kuma is just A-Okay in my book.
I'm not saying I will never return.
I'm sure my daughter and nephews would love this place, especially since I'm Daddy Warbucks to them.
I just don't see myself going out of my way for Kuma.
Ninja Taro w/Red Bean, Mochi, and Capt n' Crunch:   http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=59DoHPrcsL6VvzsE-i2Dyg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Not a Fork:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=vydtjjjYWB_hSQ2QhCmF8g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
I'm super jealous as I sit inside Tequileria....
I'm jealous of the patrons behind me that got a better waitress,
I'm jealous of all the people that got breakfast before they made it to the airport,
I'm even jealous of the peeps eating Burger King for breakfast.
Bottom line, take your money elsewhere is you are deciding what to eat when you're in Gate C. First of all, the service was not good at all.
No smiles, no hello's, and I even witnessed the more timid customers wait forever for their checks.
When you finally get service, make sure to order everything at once.
I'm talking about your refills, extra sides, extra napkins, etc.
This is a must since it's almost impossible to get your server's attention here.
Eye contact, the finger wave, and "excuse me" just doesn't fly here.
I also think the servers have their invisible ear plugs and blinders on.
Or, i just have my invisible cloak on.
Whatever the reason, the service is just not what they preach here.
However, service does improve when your check arrives.
My thoughts, it must be tip time.
As for the food, it's just okay.
The food looks better than it tasted.
I got their Chicken Chipotle Torta with Chips.
This chicken sandwich was fine, but I decided to eat it bland with nothing on it.
No taste, just your average chicken breast for about $10.
I also finished all 5 pieces of their tortilla chips that they gave me as a side.
Overall, just okay food with poor services equals 2 Stars in my book.
I have to give this place at least 4 stars based on their service alone.
This week was only my 3rd time here in the last 2 years, but everytime I've been treated pretty good.
A couple of things first, it's always been on the weekdays, happy hour, and I always sat at the bar.
I've usually just have the HH food (i.e.
sliders, fries, etc).
All are good, but nothing that sets them apart.
It's cheap though.
I recently tried the crab stuffed yellow tail.
Got to say, pretty good stuff.
Usually came out here to drink and can never complain about their selection.
Not too busy for a Gordon Biersch.
My 4 rating is mainly for the service, ambience, and beer.
For a restuarant somewhat close to the strip, you get that mix of the "Vegas Baby" crowd and locals.
Just your average park located in Henderson.
I'm lying, really a small park located in Henderson.
One thing about the local parks out here, they're pretty big compared to what I'm use to in California.
Discovery Park is a smaller park that reminds me of some of the parks that I am use to.
Came out here yesterday for a change of pace.
Instead of hitting the gym to hit the weights, I chose the park for a walk with a friend.
It's still a nice park with a few amenities like a kids area, basketball court, and tennis courts, but that's pretty much it.
Not the biggest park in the world and had to do a couple of laps around it just get anything close to a workout.
But when the weather is nice, a walk in the park will always beat a smelly gym.
Stepped in here a couple of days ago.
Reason for the visit was simple, full service copies.
The person behind the counter was great, very patient, and efficient.
I stress patient because she was handling my needs a well as ringing other customers in between.
My issue...where's her back up?
Got $50 in copies and when it was time to pay I asked for the discount I get through my corporate office.
That's when she dropped the bomb on me.
They didn't have me on file.
Then I realized that I was at the wrong office supply store.
Meant to go to Office Max where I get a huge discount and came here on accident.
I swear Staples, Office Depot, and Office Max all start to look the same.
The cashier must have felt bad for me and offered a 20% since I got a lot of copies.
This is what I call great service.
See, doesn't hurt to ask.
Overall, giving Office Depot 4 stars just for the service.
However, I probably will not come here as often since my discounts are through Office Max.
Burger Joint!
I enjoyed my first experience at Burger Joint 4 months ago.
They were new, my Yelp friends were checking in, and Shirley B. raved about them.
So, I just had to come by because I'm FOMO and I love a good burger.
I had their Double Classic CAB (Certified Angus Beef) with just cheese because I like to keep my burgers simple.
This burger was a beast.
It was thick, juicy, and had all the flavors that remind me of a good home cooked backyard burger.
I loved it.
I also had a side of tater tots.
These little bad boys aren't so little.
Each tots is the size of a large marshmallow.
They are fried to perfection and compliments the burger well.
I was so full on my first visit that I couldn't even breathe.
On my most recent visit, I decided to build my own burger.
A BYO is not on the menu, but they'll do it if you ask.
I started off with the Classic CAB, added bacon, cheese, and a ground chicken patty.
This was good and hit the spot, but I think I'll just stick to the Double Classic CAB in the future.
Burger Joint offers more than just classic style burgers.
They have specialty burgers too.
The 3AM Burger (burger, sunny-side up egg, peppered bacon, roasted tomato, onions, & hollandaise sauce) is a popular pick.
Prices for a burger start at $9.00 and can get very expensive if you start to pile on the add on's.
Bottom line, expect to pay about $15 when it's all said and done.
In my opinion, this isn't a lot considering that you get quality Angus beef and the portions are huge.
The same burger would set you back about $25 on the strip.
The restaurant itself is very clean and the staff is amazing.
Burger Joint has a 4 star average on Yelp.
Overall, I can't argue with these Yelpers.
4 stars from me too.
TIP #1:  Check In on Yelp for free fries or tater tots.
TIP #2:  Extra chicken patty is $1.50
TIP #3:  Their secret sauce has a kick to it.
2017 Yelp Review #34
If you're in North Las Vegas driving through Craig Road, you can't miss this place.
It's the wannabe log cabin looking restuarant with a huge Paul Bunyon statue in the front.
I really tried to like this place, I really did.
Been here twice.
My first experience was the first month this place opened up.
My last time was about 3 months ago.
First of all, both times I've been here I've had less than stellar service.
I mean, how long does it take to bring water to you and silverware?
I could easily overlook poor service if the food was good, but it was just average.
-Big Redwood Burger:  $15 and it was average at best.
Had it for lunch.
Looked juicy, but it was dry.
I ended up going to Five Guys later that night just to redeem my experience.
-Country Fried Steak: Actually not too bad.
Forgot what I paid, but it did't taste any different than an IHOP or Denny's.
Portions are big, but not Hash House big.
You would expect a restuarant named Lumberjack to have overwhelming portions.
I did't want to get into to much with the service, because enough is said on these reviews.
Up to you to try.
Everyone is different.
Just my experience, 0 for 2 at this place.
Bookmark Checked!!
Met Run Bike Swim Yelper Terri R for a quick bite.
We wanted to try something different, something that we both haven't tried.
In other words, get our bookmarks done.
Running errands all day and was actually a little late.
Didn't help much that the parking here is horrible.
The parking issues right now is due to recent construction.
Otherwise, I'm usually in and out of this shopping center with the quickness.
Located off Ft. Apache and Sahara.
You really can't miss this place since it's right of the movie theater.
First grab of the menu and everything looked good.
You have to remember with any tapas style restaurant that the prices are cheap for mini dishes.
To get the full tapas experience, you have to order at least 4 items from the menu.
Here's what I had:
-Miso Soup: Just your basic Miso soup.
Hit the spot for a cold night.
Just wish I remembered if I could have added an egg to it.
-Sliders:  This is their version of beef sliders and man where they good.
You get two sliders with the order and they are pretty big for sliders.
Meat was prepared well and cheese topped it off.
For a slider, it was so juicy and even creamy if that makes any sense.
Rare to describe a slider as juicy, but somehow 808 Tapas got it there.
Thinking back..I probably could have downed two more, maybe four.
Okay, five.
-Spicy Tuna Crackers:  As soon as I put in this request, I was told this is a great pick.
This is basically how it sounds (spicy tuna spread over 2 inches of cracker).
Each cracker was too heavy to eat with chopsticks so I ate them "Hors d'oeuvre" style.
I had this order all to myself because Terri R can't handle fish.
Even though these crackers were heavy, the whole order wasn't heavy on the belly and tasted great.
Great taste, less filling.
-Drink:  I didn't have any sake.
Actually, I didn't have anything to drink, not even water.
I didn't realize it until after we were done eating.
I guess that's what I get for being late.
I didn't try any rolls, mainly because I just had sushi earlier in the day.
I was craving meat and got it.
I still need to try other items on the menu.
As for the restaurant's ambiance.
Staff was good, but remember I didn't get water.
Besides the parking, everything was good.
It's not the biggest restaurant out there, but it's also not a busy one.
Especially for a Saturday night, it looked to be a little slow.
I will be back to try other things for sure.
I just hope they fix the parking lot soon.
The District at Green Valley Ranch is a nice change of pace when it comes shopping, eating, and even to get a little exercise.
One common theme about the District is that it's quiet and clean.
During the holidays the District is still calm and festive.
A beautiful sight to see.
I don't get out here that often, but will make a stop every once in awhile for REI, Las Vegas Golf, the Sports Store, and the Cheesecake Factory.
There's plenty more eats and shopping.
These are just the few that I frequent.
The District at GVR also reminds me of a smaller and slower pace Town Square.
It's also a nice walk with good company.
And if you're the gambling type, you got Green Valley Ranch Resort and Casino right next door.
I was just recently here and the place reminded me that I need to come back.
I remember when I first moved out here, I would bring a packed lunch and have an impromptu office day under one of the trees.
Once it warms up a little, I will probably make more trips out here to simply get away.
Shopping:  http://shopthedistrictgvr.com/storeDirectory.php

Dining:  http://shopthedistrictgvr.com/dining.php
Old School Pizzeria has won my heart a couple of years ago, but not for their pizza.
Their Crazy Good Chicken is just that, crazy good.
This meal comes with two thick and juicy pieces of baked chicken (roughly 8 oz.
), big chunks of potato, and stuffing.
Butter and olive oils is then drenched all over it.
It's crazy thinking about how good this chicken is.
Where else can you get chicken this good at a pizzeria?
So far, only here.
If chicken at a pizzeria is not your thing, then get a pizza.
Each slice is huge, especially their Monster Slice at $4.00.
Toppings will cost you an additional $.40.
Their pizzas remind me of an old school giant pizza that you'll find in the streets of New York City.
In my opinion, I think Old School is better.
You can't have a meal here without trying their Rosemary Garlic Knots.
6 knots cost about $3 or $7.99 with a Monster Slice.
The service is always great.
There's usually a line at Old School Pizzeria and it's mostly for take-out.
Keep in mind that Old School is very popular and it takes time to prep a pizza and even longer to bake their Crazy Good Chicken.
Prices:
Crazy Good Chicken - $11.99 
Monster slice (little over $4 - $.40 additional toppings)
Small Pizza (serves 2-3) - $11.99
Large (serves 3-4) - $16.75
OMG (serves 5-8) - $24.99
Calzones (serves 1-2) - $8.99
Five Cheese Mac - $12.50
Meatball Sandwich - $10.00
Monster Slice & Half Order of Bread Knots - $7.99

Overall, I recommend Old School for their pizza and of course, their chicken.
2017 Yelp Review #83
When I moved out here almost 3 years ago, the first place my bud wanted me to search for was a solid pool hall.
Fellow Yelpers recommended this place and I immediately bookmarked it.
Fast forward to just week and I finally was able to uncheck this bookmark.
My Pool Hall "Wish-List" - So, what defines a good pool hall for me?
-Full size billiard tables, not the bar type ones
-Clean and fast felt.
I grew up playing on Simoniz felt, but anything where you can put action on the cue ball works just as good.
-Plenty of tables
-No sharks trying to hustle me.
Ha!
-Straight cues ranging from 18oz to 21oz.
I prefer a 19 oz for playing and a 21 oz for breaks.
-A good juke box playing good music.
-Cheap, none of this $20 an hour stuff
-Plenty of room
-A pool hall that isn't intimidating
-Smoke free (yeah right, especially in Las Vegas)

A group of us entered Cue-D's for a friendly game of pool and since there was an odd amount of us, we ended up playing a game of Cut Throat.
Cue-D's is chill and it doesn't matter if you're an A or even a D player, everyone is welcome.
Cue-D's hit most of my "Wish-List", but most importantly I had a great time with fine people.
My only issue is the stench of smoke in the air.
I know, I know, this is something that they can't control since smoking is legal inside pool halls in the valley.
I use to smoke and I get it.
Now that I don't, I see the difference.
The smoke didn't bother me so much while I was playing, but the smell sure followed me home.
Cue-D's is welcoming from the staff to the patrons.
I'm a fan of the pool hall, just not a fan of the smoke.
PS.
The rest rooms can use a little Mr. Clean or AJAX.
TIP:  Cash Only


YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (404/500)
When you're in the Venetian, you got no excuse not to have one of their gelato's, specifically from Cocolini's.
I'm not saying that this is best gelato that I ever had, but it's pretty good.
One thing about gelato's is how every restaurant presents it.
All the nice beautiful flavors stuck behind glass.
You might not be in the mood for gelato and end up buying scoop anyway.
Well, that's exactly what I did.
Every time I come here, I see nothing but huge lines.
To my surprise, zero people in line.
I wasn't in the mood, but didn't want to lose my chance at Cocolini's gelato with no line.
Or, that's just my excuse to break my diet.
On my visit to Rome years ago, I was once given a tip to always get two flavors that are on the complete opposite taste from each other.
For an example, get a light flavor combined with a very bold flavor.
And when you eat it, taste the stronger flavor first followed by the lighter flavor.
Wow..no wonder everyone loves gelato.
There's actually a way to eat it.
I usually do this, but didn't on this visit.
I wanted something light combined with something lighter.
So, I ended up with their caramel sea salt and butter pecan.
Both were good, but to be honest, I regret not doing the strong flavor with the light flavor suggestion.
Regardless, you can't lose either way since gelato always brings a smile to my face.
PS:  Can you even say gelato without smiling?
Didn't think so.
Blueberry Hill has a lot on their menu.
You have so many options here.
There's so many choices, that it can get a bit overwhelming and that's a good thing.
I first step foot in a Blueberry Hill about 15+ years ago.
Before this week, it's been over 5 years since I dined here.
Why so long between visits?
Well, it's because the wait is usually long and there's so much more breakfast options out here.
If you don't know me by now, then that's your bad.
If you do, then you know that I love eating breakfast type food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
I would eat steak & eggs 6 times a day if I could.
Obviously, I recently dined here for breakfast.
Obviously, I had some form of steak and eggs.
I had their Steak Omelet, which is 6 oz.
of steak, 4 eggs, and a cup of cheese.
Hash browns and pancakes is also included.
Price is perfect at around $15.
My meal was very satisfying and most importantly, filled me up for the next couple of hours.
Am I a fan?
I use to be.
There's just a lot more options out here than there was 15 years ago.
Besides, Blueberry Hill doesn't need my Yelp review to boost their sales.
The lines are still long and the restaurant is still packed.
TIP
-Night Owls have it good with their late night specials for only $6.95.
-The Patty Melt was my go-to back in the day
-Check your bill.
They still add your check via calculator.
You're one fat finger away from being overcharged.
For the me, the service has always been great.
All the employees here have always been attentive and for once, not trying to rip you off.
I know how to work on cars and know when a mechanic or manager is trying to pull one on you.
Not this place.
In fact, I've been here twice where they fixed a flat without charging me a penny.
I will definitely be back the next time I need service for my car.
Now for some facts...I have a company issued car meaning that all the service is paid by my company.
Also, any additional work needed is paid through by my company.
Not a bad deal for me so I can't begin to comment on the cost to get work done becauses I never have to pay out of pocket.
I am judging this place based on service and the fact that they never tell me I have something wrong when I don't.
My only gripe is the waiting room.
Nice TV, but no cable or DirecTV.
I know, now I'm getting picky.
I had to find something wrong, right?
I see my Yelp buds checking into this place from time to time.
But I gots to say...I wasn't too impressed.
So, here we go...
The gf and I came here to meet a few Yelp peeps and to drop off some donations at Yosi.
When we arrived, our Yelp buds were already here and the place wasn't busy.
One thing I immediately noticed, no one had food on their tables.
I assumed that they all ordered and were just waiting for their food.
About 10 minutes later, one of the employees arrive at their table to finally take their order.
Say What?
You know what that meant.
That meant that it's going to take about 15 minutes or so for just our orders to be taken.
Yes, I was right, but it was more like 20 minutes.
Ordering their food is simple, you start at the top with your base, then add to it with whatever they have to offer (i.e.
beef, shrimp, egg rolls, shrimp, chicken, etc), and then add toppings of your choice.
I got their Loco Kaba Moco with Chicken Karaage and Chicken Katsu.
I also used my free check in to have mushrooms added.
I thought that food was just okay, nothing spectacular.
I have to admit, I'm not a curry fan.
But Kaba's curry is pretty good.
The karaage and katsu was average.
Remember I had mushrooms added?
Well, they didn't.
They forgot the mushrooms, but at this point I didn't care since it was part of my free Yelp check in.
But back to the service, when our food arrived, they forgot to give me utensils.
And you know me, I need a fork for everything.
I eventually got my fork so I can chow down.
My gurlpren's food took a little longer and when it finally arrived, they decided to be consistent with their service and fail to get her utensils too.
So, overall my experience here was just okay.
I didn't have too many issues with my food because I knew what to expect based on the price and what I was eating.
I was just a little disappointed with the overall service.
Will I be back?
Perhaps, maybe, or maybe not.
PS:  I turn into the Hulk when I'm starving.
I go from hangry to angry.
And you wouldn't want to see me when I'm angry.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (491/500)
I recommend this place, but have not gone here recently.
My daugther loves the sushi here.
So when she's in town, I take her here.
-Place is quiet usually.
Been here for lunch and dinner, never busy.
-Couple of TV's and since it's quiet enough, I'm usually able to change the channels.
-Always great service here.
-Price is average, but the sushi is fresh.
-AYCE on par with most.
What I've Tried:
-Tiger Roll:  My favorite
-Lasagna Roll:  Not too bad, just bad for you.
-Golden California:  My daughter's favorite.
-Utah Roll:  My 2nd Favorite
-Teriyaki Chicken:  Tasty

This place use to have one fo the cheapest AYCE lunch specials (around $12).
Last time I was here, it' was gone.
Hopefully it comes back.
Another FedEx that I feel obligated to write a review on due to the fact that I'm here at least once a week.
Tough for me discuss cost of services and supplies here because everything I do here is charged to my FedEx business account.
What I can tell you about this FedEx is that they have some of the nicest people working here.
Every time I'm here, I'm greeted as soon as I walk in and there's rarely ever a long wait.
They are also very efficient.
After living here about 3 years, I've learned which FedEx Centers to go to around town.
If in Henderson, it's the one located off Sunset.
If in North Las Vegas, it's the one located off Craig and Jones.
And if in Summerlin, it's this one that I go to.
I have some that avoid like the plague, but there's no sense even mentioning them since I got my Fav 3.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (427/500)
What can I possibly say on this review that wasn't already said?
Galaxy Theatres Green Valley has to be THE BEST movie theater out here.
Has to be the best movie theater forever, forever, forever, ever, forever, ever?
Comfortable, Plush, and Reclining seats.
It's almost like watching a movie at home minus the reclining seat, the popcorn, and surround sound.
Okay, my home is nowhere close to this experience.
But you get my drift.
Galaxy Green Valley Rocks!!
Couple of other bonus points;
-Swivel tables on every lounge chair.
Sure beats having to put your food the on the floor like the movie houses.
-They serve beer and wine.
I don't drink, but the option is out there for you.
Just get in the correct line to the far left if you plan on getting an adult refreshment.
-Price:  I admit, I have yet to pay for a movie here (Thanks to the GF).
But I will eventually and the prices are comparable to the other theaters out there.
All this luxury and they didn't even jack up the prices.
-Food:  The food here is fairly cheap for movie theater food.
Keep in mind, I usually watch movies when I'm in SoCal.
A movie for two can easily set you back $40.
Not here.
-Assigned seating:  Buy your tickets and your seats are reserved.
No more leaving your jacket, purse, blow up doll, or whatever you use to use to save seats.
All seats are reserved so there's no mad rush to get your spot.
-Spacious Seating:  You get plenty of space in front of you and behind you.
You even have space to the right and left of you.
Galaxy in Green Valley has stepped it up and I wish more theaters would follow suit.
I know where I'm bringing the teen for daddy and daughter day soon.
PS: Watch out for the phone police.
Pick up your phone during the show and I hear they kick you out.
Silence is golden.
The Bellagio has a lot to offer besides gambling and dining.
Outside the Bellagio is their fountain that shines at night with a 5 minute presentation to matching music.
Inside the Bellagio is their beautiful botanical garden.
The Conservatory & Botanical Garden of Bellagio has a different theme five times a year...Chinese New Year, spring, summer, fall, and winter.
In the last 3 years, we have never missed a season.
We are so anxious whenever a new season is on display that we're sometimes here while the conservatory team is still at work.
The Bellagio's conservatory team puts together a beautiful display highlighting the season with a huge floral arrangement.
The presentation is beautiful and in my opinion, should never be missed if you're on the strip.
My favorite season is winter, which highlights Christmas.
Both Christmas and Chinese New Year is best viewed at night.
Spring, summer, and fall is best viewed during the day with the sun coming down from the skyline.
The Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Garden is a beautiful sight that must be seen in person.
Fun Facts
Fun Fact #1:  Per one of the employees at the conservatory, they put in place at least 10,000 plants for each season.
Wilted flowers are replaced every weekly and recycled as mulch.
Fun Fact #2:  Over 15,000 people visit the Conservatory & Botanical Garden daily.
That's close to 5.5 million visitors a year.
Fun Facts #3:  Takes about a week, working 24 hours a day, to set up the Conservatory & Botanical Garden for a specific theme.
Tips
TIP #1:  Located by the hotel lobby.
TIP #2:  Check out the conservatory before 7:00 AM to see what it takes to keep their themed garden blooming.
It's amazing to see the conservatory team in action.
TIP #4:  What are you waiting for?
Viewing and entering the Conservatory & Botanical Garden will cost you nothing.
It's free!!!
Whether you out here on vacation or a local, this is a good break from the casinos, buffets, clubs, and everything else that Vegas has to offer.
People complain about the price.
Yes, if you're a father of 5 paying for everyone.
Or if you're the best man paying for all the groomsmen.
It can get expensive.
This is not Chuck e Cheese.
This is not your local Family Fun Center.
This is go karts on steroids.
Been here 4 times in the last year (should have bought the year price).
Each time I had the track with just me and my friend for that night.
Sucks that I've never won.
But at least I've come in second each time.
Brought my 13 year old daughter her last month.
She chickened out and will wait until her cousins are here to race with her.
Was really looking forward to racing my little girl.
Sad because I wanted to at least win one of my races.
Sorry honey, just being honest.
Pros:
Price: it's worth it.
About $30
Celebrities here every once in awhile
Close to the strip, for all you weekend warriors
Staff is good 
Clean
Cool.
I mean the place is cold.
Beats the heat any day

Cons:
No bumping
No reckless driving 
No driving backwards
No jumps
No cheerleaders with pom poms cheering you on
No loops

Okay...the cons aren't real cons.
I get in those fast and the furious modes.
If you're looking for something different to do in Vegas, this is your place.
If you are in the need for speed, this is your place.
How does anyone give ReBAR any less than 5 stars?
I don't drink alcohol too often.
In fact, it has been years since the last time I had a buzz.
But that doesn't mean I will not enjoy a drink or two when we're celebrating a special occasion.
I recently met up with my girlfriend and her son to celebrate his 21st Birthday.
Happy Birthday to a special a special young man!!!
We also bumped into Misti (former Vegas Yelp CM) and Bobby Yang.
The overall vibe of this bar is cool and the drinks are very inexpensive.
I had a shot of Grandma's Apple Pie with Terri's son and was leaning towards a Ballast Point due to my 619 roots.
I ended up with a Rolling Rock since I'm a light weight.
Because I'm such light weight, I immediately felt the buzz.
I had a great time.
The bar is very cozy and sports a shaded patio in the back.
ReBAR is unique in that almost everything that you see inside the bar is for sale.
The bar also has a list of drinks dubbed their "Charitable Cocktails", in which portions of the proceeds benefit different foundations.
Pretty Cool!!
Overall, I had a very good time with family.
The staff is great, the drinks affordable, and importantly, the proceeds from some of their drinks go to a good cause.
Dinner with Terri R and Suzy H at Metro Pizza equals good times.
I love me some pizza.
Here's the problem...I don't get to eat it much.
If I can, I'd have a pizza every other day.
Too bad, so sad for me.
But I finally got the chance a couple of nights ago after 12 weeks of clean eating.
I earned this and I'm going to turn this mutha out.
This is not my first time to Metro Pizza.
This is just my first time at this one.
I've always been a fan of their pizza and let's not forget their garlic knots.
I shared half a pizza with my gf.
Okay, I actually ate 75% of the pizza, but who's counting?
My half included just pepperoni & mushrooms and Terri's was just mushrooms.
The pizza was tasty, thin, and not overly sauced out.
This is exactly how I like my pies.
As for the garlic knots, those little baked creatures didn't have a chance.
The G-Knots are a bit greasy, small enough, and my goodness, the type of carbs my body has been missing.
Obviously, I'm a fan of Metro and wish to be back in another 16 1/2 weeks.
PS:  We had a slight issue when our pizza first arrived.
It was missing the mushrooms, but this was remedied quickly.
To top it off, we also got hooked up with canoli's.
BTW:  This Metro does remind me of Max's from "Saved by the Bell".
We're just missing Kelly Kapowski.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (438/500)
I was first to review the original location a couple of years ago and have been a fan since.
So, I feel that it's my duty to write a review on their new location.
Plus, it's close to home.
How do they do it?
How does Vegas Discount Nutrition continue to sell supps at near wholesale prices and stay in business?
I will never know, but I don't care because their prices on supplementation is as good as it gets.
The best prices for supps can be found at nutrition shops all over Vegas.
The best of the best is Vegas Discount Nutrition.
Their full stock of supplements and prices won me over.
Looking for BCAA's?
They got it.
Preworkouts?
They have that too.
How about proteins?
You kidding me?
They have almost every brand in stock and at the best prices.
I still cannot understand why people go to the other nutrition shops found in the malls or buy their supps at the grocery store.
You're getting ripped off at those places.
Take my advice and check out one of three Vegas Discount Nutrition Stores in Las Vegas.
All stores are fully stocked and the staff knows their stuff.
Tip #1:  Check in Yelp for a free shaker and 5 free supps.
Yeah Buddy!!!
Tip #2:  Located next to LVAC and across the freeway from Salted Malted Bakery
Tip #3:  Eat, Train, Sleep, and Repeat
Tip #4:  I can't think of a #4.
You get the point.
Get your supps and head to the gym.
Pronto!!
2016 Yelp Review #7
Formerly Mocha Joe and if you loved Mocha Joe, you'll love The Coffee House.
I will tell you why.
It's because nothing has changed.
I assume the owner Don is the guy that's always here when I come in.
He's one of the nicest gentlemen you'll ever meet.
The place is still the same, quiet and spacious.
Regarding ambiance, you have this feel like you're in someones house.
Yes, it's that comfortable and quiet.
I'm in the area about twice a month and choose this place over others because of great service and excellent prices.
You'll find some of the cheapest cup of Joe at The Coffee House.
Thank goodness that the Coffee House never changed who they are and raised their prices.
Because these local coffee spots are no longer a dime a dozen, it's refreshing that spots like the Coffee House have not sold out.
I don't live too far from here and actually tried to avoid eating here for a couple of reasons;

1.
Poor customer service at the Bullhead AZ Location
2.
Rude employees at the Encinitas CA location

Not this locations fault for me to not come by.
A few people out here swear by this place.
I reviewed a couple of Yelp reviews and you get mixed reviews.
I might as well test them for myself.
Besides, it was 4 hours since my last meal, I was starving like a mad man, and driving on Centennial Parkway.
Didn't want Roberto's, McDonalds, and was in the mood for IN-N-Out (surprisingly).
I gave them a shot and here we go.
-Not busy considering it was Saturday night and a couple of games were going.
I am assuming that like most BWW, gets pretty busy during UFC and NFL Games.
-Ambiance:  Actual a chill type bar and restaurant.
-Customer Service and Staff:  So far, the best I've seen at a BWW's.
Tons of staff everywhere.
All were friendly.
Greeting on the way in and way out.
Food ordered and received quick.
Waitress and bartenders always checking up on me.
-Food:  Had their Boneless Garlic Chicken and Buffalo Ranch Chicken.
I was never a fan of BWW's wings or even boneless chicken, but their Buffalo Ranch Chicken was pretty good.
Next time I will probably ask that the ranch and sauce is on the side.
-Price:  Cheap, in my opinion.
Bill was less than $10.
-Drinks:  Didn't have any, but who is messing this up.
Only poor customer service and outrageous prices can give drinks a poor review.
Based on what I noticed, BWW Centennial delivers.
Will I come back?
Probably will during NFL games and hang out with the homies.
Regarding food, there's enough of a selection to find your needs.
It's basically a sports grill, so expect tailgate type fried food.
The staff at this location has brought me back.
PS:  Honey, school tomorrow.
Get your homework done and go to sleep early.
Love you.
Disclaimer Alert:  I'm reviewing the facility, service department, and Managers in charge of the fleet cars.
I admit, I'm not a Ford lover.
I grew up working on and driving Chevy's or Honda/Acuras.
But in the last 10+ years, all I have been driving is a Ford.
Whether it's a 500, Taurus, Fusion, Explorer, or an Escape, believe me, I had them all.
I also learned to appreciate a well running, free, and new car every once in awhile.
I have one of those jobs that gives me a company car every 60,000 miles.
And because of my extensive driving that I do, that means I'm getting a new Ford every year.
For the last three years, I've gotten my car here at Ford Country in Henderson.
The staff from the receptionist to the Manager have all been friendly and efficient.
Brian Minor is the Manager that has taken care of me the last couple years.
He's professional, courteous about my schedule, and efficient.
The service repairs is usually quick as long as you set up an appointment and the facilities is spacious/clean.
I just got my new Ford this week, so it's going to be about a year before I come back.
In the meantime, don't be surprise to see me here to get my car serviced.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (406/500)
I used to go to this gym a lot back when it was Gold's Gym.
Not much has changed.
This gym is still busy during peak hours and completely dead prior to 7:00 AM.
I enjoy a workout here every once in a while because I know where everything is located and I love the plates here.
Like the Eastern Avenue EOS, this gym still has the old school, all steel, and round 45 lb.
plates.
There's just something about stacking two 45's, lifting, and hearing the weights clanging & rattling.
This gym is still equipped with some old school Hammer equipment, a few power racks, a couple of benches, and a Military press rack that you can't find at most gyms.
The triceps bench is also pretty cool and in opinion, this EOS is one of the best gyms for a great quad workout.
The hack squat machine and their leg presses all are set up for perfect range of motion without putting too much stress on the knees.
Overall, I'm still and fan.
I just wish this gym was a lot closer to home.
You want it...they usually have it!
This swap meet is probably one of the biggest I've been to.
Not as big as the ones I'd hit in California, but for sure the biggest out here.
You name it and this swap meet probably has it.
Or, at least they know someone that has it.
I remember when I first moved out here, someone selling water gave me advice about finding the right Realtor agent to buy a house.
I didn't use them, but hey it's the thought that counts.
An outdoor swap meet, this one is a mix between vendors and your garage sale type sellers.
From the outside this place looks average sized, but once you're in it can be a beast to get through every aisle.
You will find your mix of different merchandise ranging from household products to tools, electronics to toys, and a bunch of clothing.
This swap meet also has a bunch of eats.
There's a small admision here, ranging from $.50 to $2.
Not sure what the exact admission really is.
My last 3 visits, I paid for myself and whoever is behind me (stranger or not).
One issue here is parking.
Don't get me wrong.
There's tons of parking, just a lot more people.
My advice, get here around 8 AM or after 2 PM.
Come here around noon and you'll spend the next 30 minutes driving around looking for that empty spot.
My other problem is that I never buy anything that I am looking for.
However, I always leave with something I don't need.
TIP:  Looking to lose a few pounds over the summer???
Then come here during the middle of the day, preferably mid-July.
110 degree temperature with no shade equals Bikram Shopping.
Black Mountain Trail

I really enjoyed this hike.
I recommend Black Mountain Trail to anyone looking for a hike with some challenges, a good distance, and a great view from the top.
I don't recommend this hike during the summer or when the sun is beating down since there is very little shade on 98.76% of the trail.
The hike to the top is about 3.5 miles or 7 miles round trip.
It took me about 3 hours to complete (80 minutes up / 90 minutes down).
The first 3.25 miles of the hike is easy to moderate.
There is plenty of switchbacks and the climb up is gradual.
The last 1/4 mile is a beast.
It's not uncommon to see a few people turn back around when they get to this point.
The last 1/4 mile is steep, strenuous, and you will be scrambling.
My advice is to be patient (it's not a race), be safe (watch your footing), and take breaks (great time to hydrate).
I admit it, I did.
It took me about me about 20 minutes for the last 1/4 mile.
Once at the top, you're rewarded with a great view of the entire city and the American Flag.
Couple of tips...

1.
Obviously, you need to bring enough hydration with you.
I brought over 3 liters of water with me and that wasn't enough.
I also hiked to the top 100% fasted, which I do not recommend.
I did enjoy a couple of servings of peanut butter at the top.
That was my reward.
2.
Watch your footing on the way up and down.
90% of the trail is packed dirt and stable.
The last 1/4 mile has a lot of gravel and loose rock.
I also recommend that you bring gloves.
Believe me, gloves will be your best friend the last 1/4 mile.
3.
Do this hike either at dusk or dawn.
The sun is a killer, especially since there's no shade.
Don't forget your sunscreen.
I do not recommend this hike during the summer.
4.
Watch out for snakes and tarantulas.
I almost stepped on a snake on the way down.
As I was taking pictures of it, I heard another snake rattling in the distance.
The snake was alive, but wasn't moving much.
Another hiker thinks that the rattlesnake that we heard injured it.
I didn't see any tarantulas, but a few hikers had pictures of one they seen on the way up.
5.
The address on Yelp is not 100% accurate, but it's close enough.
Daniel S. laid out pretty clear directions on his Yelp review.
Looking for an authentic Mexican restaurant in downtown Las Vegas?
Look no further.
La Comida has arrived.
New restaurants are opening left and right in Las Vegas, especially in the downtown area.
One things for sure, La Comida is a refreshing change from your usual bar food, appetizers, and fried food.
Here at La Comida, you get authentic tasting Mexican dishes.
When you think of Morton's, their steakhouse, N9NE, Ghostbar, and Rain comes to mind.
And because this is a Morton's establishment, expect no less than quality, upscale, and great service.
My first thought upon arriving here was "Wow".
Although this place was packed on their very first night, we were greeted by almost every staff member.
Smiles are free and we got them.
My second thought, another "Wow".
Las Vegas' who's who was here tonight.
I'm not going to mention names, but the energy was surely in the air tonight.
There's seating indoors, at the bar, and at the patio outside.
The ambiance includes an attentive staff, wide open restaurant, and a ton of people watching.
Can you imagine this place on the weekend?
This restaurant was extremely busy, but there's no rush once you're in and no one seems to be rushing you out.
In other words, this restaurant has a chill feel to it.
As for the food, you really can't go wrong.
Everything made here is authentic.
The food was so authentic that I even had a tough time reading the menu.
But our lovely server, Camila, took the time to give us her recommendations and even gave me a short Spanish lesson.
My main dish was their Carne de res a la Parrilla (beef skirt steak).
The steak is prepared to your liking on top of a bed of mushrooms and peppers.
The wild mushrooms were so good that I could eat a bowl of this stuff ala carte.
As for the steak itself, I wish I had seconds it was that juicy.
Terri R had their Camaron de Golfo (buttered shrimp dish) and for dessert their Platanos Fritos (banana w/ice cream).
It's obvious that Terri loved her dish since she finished the whole thing.
Plus, she told me numerous times "I love my food".
It's awesome when new restaurants open in Las Vegas, specifically Downtown Las Vegas.
Owners Jenna and Michael Morton open it's doors today on an invite only with an expectation to open officially mid-week.
Jenna and Michael didn't miss a beat with their soft opening.
The restaurant was fully staffed, the talent at the bar kept patrons drinks full, and the ambiance matches what us locals expect at DTLV.
Even better, they took the time to meet, greet, and take photos with everyone.
My suggestion...visit or bookmark this place for a fun and happening dining experience.
La Comida:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=cHwKzVh8fIFG-2v1j7msoA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Verano de Jalisco:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=m6MbrlebV7RAtOY3S0xiAg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Chips and salsa:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Carne de res a la parrilla:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=cGXopeXezITzZMQh3NAfiA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Pescado a la parrilla:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=j2lOv8MOFoQHNYinQQk0uA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Tres leches:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=O51v6hXfs3vRQF1ApESbPQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Oh Yeah!
:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=rtFQN0O9rRSAb1erFoFuMg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Bar Talent (they're so nice):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jqp5IE6n29jnRhEfu7xFPw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Kitchen:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=UPDMIo1B9eD1MmGq_WmcrQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

PS:  Can't find this place, look for the hanging monkey on 6th Street.
Special thanks to Cisco A. for inviting us for dinner.
Blueberry Donuts!!!
I thought that I'd never find anyone that comes close to M&M's infamous blueberry donuts.
But guess what?
Donut Hut located off Desert Inn on the east side of town has blueberry donuts that are as good as it gets.
Even better...you don't have to travel all the way to Anaheim and wait 45 minutes in line to get one.
Here at the Donut Hut, their blueberry donuts are ready, fresh, and are for real.
Their blueberry donuts are crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside, which is the perfect texture for a blueberry donut.
Don't expect a plain donut with candy coated blueberry flavor here.
You get the real thing with real blueberries.
Trust me, one of the best blueberry donuts that I've ever had.
I also tried their French Cruller, which is only served on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday's.
Still pretty good, but I'm still thinking about them blueberry donuts.
My review doesn't stop here.
The owner, Sothy Seang, is dubbed the Cambodian Rambo.
My gf sent me this link about Seang and fellow Yelper Nik O also posted this on Yelp Talk.
http://www.vegasinc.com/business/2013/dec/06/donut-rambo-cambodian-refugee-finds-success-friend/?_ga=1.243919811.754996307.1382033796

Seang is one incredible man.
He treated us like royalty, served us some great donuts, and even took the time to chat with us.
Read his story.
Incredible...his donuts are too.
But don't take my word for it, give Donut Hut a try.
One things for sure...I know I will be here on cheat days.
Blueberry Donuts: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Gsy6gfZRucdppjbvCd1f_w&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Blueberry Donuts (inside): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=weFOrV-FdV_nfoyt6c6w_A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
French Crullers: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=xSIkHOFFz3l6mYNyD84yWQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ


TIPS:
-Yes, they appreciate them.
-Opens at 8 PM to 11:15 AM.
Not a typo, 11:15 AM.
-Clean donut shop
-Inexpensive...cash only!
-Blueberry Donuts!!
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (496/500)
Located to the left of the Walmart.
This Sideline Sports is small, but carries a ton of your favorite gear.
From hats, accessories, to jerseys of your favorite player, Sideline either has it or can get it for you.
This location is not my favorite in Las Vegas.
I've been to the other locations and this one is my least favorite.
I really hate to post this, but been here at least a half dozen times and felt like the service was below standards.
I've walked in with 3+ employees working with no greet and no acknowledgment.
Just some advice, if you're having a team huddle meeting, have it in the backroom.
Us customers can feel neglected when we see a bunch of employees and get absolutely no service.
Centennial's location is by far better in regards to customer service.
Now you know my face.
A simply hello back would do wonders!!!
5 stars for their selection
2 stars for service

Will I be back?
Most likely because I know what I want when I walk in and they sometimes have it.
Will I suggest this Sideline Sports to others?
Probably not.
I've eaten at this PF Changs 2 other times.
Reviews not written back then because they were all pre-Yelp.
One thing consistent with both experiences was the long wait.
And because Pei Wei (aka their baby cousin) taste pretty much the same, I never made my way back here.
Well, my most recent visit was for a friend's wedding celebration.
Congratulations Jenny on wedding number #3.
I know we joke about it.
3 times a charm!!
Couple of things to point out first;
1.
We had the whole upper level to ourselves
2.
The food was served buffet style
3.
Great view of the strip from our dining area

I actually liked the fact that we had the whole upstairs to ourselves.
This meant we can all enjoy the celebration without worrying about other patrons.
I knew I was eating cake later and having a couple of drinks, so I didn't take full advantage of the buffet.
I kept it to one plate.
I had their chicken lettuce wraps and their beef with broccoli.
There was a bunch of other usual's at the buffet (i.e.
noodles, meins, rice, and wontons).
The food here is always consistent.
I'm still a fan of the food, just not a huge fan because the wait here always seems to take a long time.
I also spent some time at the bar catching up with friends.
I had a few drinks.
The bartenders and waitresses were all efficient, at least with me.
One of my friends felt slided a little since her drinks always took forever or forgotten while mine were always right on.
All this did was just remind me about the service or lack of at the location.
But in the end, I'm not complaining because we were celebrating one of my closest friend's wedding, the food was free, and the drinks kept me happy.
PS:  Some of the other guests thought that the service was worth 2 stars and would have written a review if they Yelped.
While some thought it was a solid 4 stars.
I guess it comes down to the individual who's reviewing this place.
For me, I think 3 stars is just about right.
Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Beef w/Broccoli:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=IKqfVSPfduTaIAjSDcli1A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Rum and Coke:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=38AfMKWwu7Vahz_gpDkwiQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Fortune Cookie:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=L1Dcml91sXP2wq5fRoWctQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

PF Chang's (Everyone had this):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=AJTLbeGVFpOWlKLLzsGwgg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Wedding Cake:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=RU17fdP3odQM9hC_z5A9Kg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Disclaimer Alert:  I don't eat fruits.
I can't eat fruits.
So my review is solely based on the cleanliness of Berry Blendz, the service, and my Power Protein Smoothie.
After a pretty good workout at Gold's with Terri R, we ended up coming here for our post workout.
We were hoping before coming in that they had something with whey in it and they did.
Berry Blendz has their Power Protein, which consist of a bunch of fruit and 40 grams of whey.
This was perfect, minus the fruits of course.
I ended up substituting the fruits with nonfat yogurt.
I order a medium and got what looked like a large.
My smoothie had an okay, not great, taste to it.
Bottom line, I wasn't looking for taste anyway.
I just needed something to assist with recovery after hitting the gym hard.
Blendz itself was clean when we visited them and the service was okay.
One plus with this place is that they have a small sofa or love-seat where we were able to have our post-workout treat and chill at the same time.
Power Protein:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=zq0NW4rDIbHJHbWeGykgeQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Not Mine (This would kill me):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=0_eQQ2rzx7Is62fNdDfukA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Not a fork:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
I'm more than just a fan of Brew Tea Bar.
I love me some Brew Tea Bar.
All the 5 star reviews are legit.
The boba here is legit.
Sou and his staff is too legit to quit.
I can't believe that I haven't reviewed BTB, especially since I'm here with the GF at least once a week.
Yeah, she loves BTB too.
My drink of choice is really basic.
I have their cold brew with sea salt cream and boba.
I really hate to disrespect cold brew by adding anything to it, but the boba and sea salt here is so good that I can't resist.
BTB has the best boba in town.
Don't believe me?
Get in line and try them for yourself.
Brew Tea Bar is the best!!
2017 Yelp Review #5
Giordano's - Las Vegas (Located @ the Bally's Grand Bazaar Shops)

If ask me,
what is my wish?
I'd tell you Giordano's,
for the famous deep dish.
Giordano's is awesome,
From Chicago, the Windy City.
If you haven't been, 
it's a fail, it's a pity.
But now we have one,
right off the strip.
Takes 45 to cook,
Be patient, don't trip.
The view is excellent,
Yeah, pretty cool.
What's even more impressive,
the famous cheese pull.
Phone eats first,
yeah, even at this joint
Let me get to the details,
I'll get to the point.
The pizza is cheesy,
it's not a bust,
The sauce is good,
And WOW!
That crust!
The crust is flaky, 
it's baked not fried.
It's even good cold.
I know, I tried.
I had three slices, 
could eat eleven.
I think I just died, 
and went to pizza heaven.
So there you have it, 
another rhyme.
What time is it?
It's pizza time!
2017 Yelp Rhyme #1 / 2017 Yelp Review #24
Never again will I ever come back.
I'm sure that the staff is knowledgeable.
This place even had what I was interested in buying.
My issue is the service, which to me is most important.
Been here 3 times in the last week.
Not a single employee attended to me the first two times.
But it was super busy and figured that their interest was with customers that were either buying something or are regulars.
I decided to come when I thought it would be slow enough to get service.
Came in for the 3rd time around 6:30 pm on 7/5/12.
Once I walked in, I noticed no customers.
Sweet!!
No reason someone can't help me.
But to my surprise, not even a hello.
I get in these spending moods and today was one of them.
Interested in purchasing a 150+ gallon tank and a California Stingray.
Walked around the store 3 times and thought maybe I will at least be asked if I needed help.
Yeah right!!!
Not even a goodbye when I left.
At least they are consistent.
To anyone, even other stores, reading this post I need advice on another  exotic fish store.
I have couple of friends driving out here from California because I told them about the selection of tropical fishes.
Now I need to apologize to them and tell them to go elsewhere.
I don't know what the problem is.
Do I have to have a certain look to get any service?
Never again.
I'm sure to tell anyone that's willing to hear, don't come here.
I'm not sure if the hype has died down or I was just lucky, but I didn't experience the long waits that a lot of people reviewed about.
I've been here 2 other times in the past and admit, the place is always busy, but I have never waited more than 10 minutes.
Maybe it's all about timing or maybe I'm just one lucky dude.
Anyways, what's not to love about the Coffee Cup?
5 Stars for Service
5 Stars for their Chicken Fried Steak
5 Stars for Portion Size
5 Stars for Price

To me, a place like The Coffee Cup is what I prefer for breakfast.
I love these small, family owned breakfast restaurants.
Service has always been top notch, but it's all about the food, right?
I've only been here a total of 3 times and in all 3 times, I've only tried their Chicken Fried Steak.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
That's my motto and when it comes to breakfast, this motto is applied.
No sense telling you how good their Chicken Fried Steak is.
If that's all I get, then it must be good.
The Coffee Cup the perfect stop for breakfast, if you're in the area, or heading to and from the Hoover Dam.
I recommend, but you been warned...their Chicken Fried Steak is addicting.
PS:  Some of the best extra-crispy hash browns too.
New and clean.
Staff is very professional and they go out of their way to make you feel comfortable.
Place is new so walk in's are easy.
My face still feels soft and clean.
I will definitely be back.
I get a facial every once in awhile when I'm in California.
First one in Vegas.
I recommend this place.
Ps.
The owner's laugh is worth the visit
This is one clean gym.
Well it better be, it's new.
I've been here a few times and will continue to get a session here whenever I can.
Pros:
-Power Racks and Squat Racks.
This is a must for Leg or Back Day.
Their power racks are perfect for Rack Pulls and Barbell Shrugs.
-Dumbbells:  5 lbs.
to at least 120 lbs.
They may have heavier dumbbells, but I wouldn't know since I maxed out on the 120's.
-Lots of Benches:  Perfect for Mondays aka International Chest Day for all your Bros. 
-Smith Machines and Plate Loaded Machines:  I haven't used them, but this EoS has plenty.
-Tons of Cardio w/TV's
-Cardio Theater
-Clean Gym:  Rick is the best.
You'll find him keeping this gym clean and tight.
-Clean and spacious locker room
-Functional Training Area w/Artificial Grass:  Great for TRX, other functional training, and walking lunges.
-Round plates.
Yes, round plates.
I really hate doing deadlifts with those octagonal plates that rebound back and attack your shins.
They got round plates here.
Yeah Buddy!!
Cons:
-Cardio theater is small and lacks ventilation.
Might be fixed by now.
-Safety Clamps:  I don't know if people steal the clamps or they're just missing.
Safety First!!
-Not enough calf machines.
What's up with that??
-No decline benches.
-No bench for Military Presses

My Gym Rant:
-Bro Jug:  Needed only if you actually drink from it.
-ILS aka Imaginary Lat Syndrome.
I'm talking about the kiddos walking around with their arms flared out like they're all yoked out.
I feel like handing them luggage.
-Clean up after yourself.
Overall, I recommend this gym.
It's still new and surprisingly quiet.
Muscle Maker Grill....Their motto "Great Food with Your Health in Mind".
So, let's see what's really going on.
I had a co-worker rave about this place years ago and at the time; they were just based on the East Coast.
Well, now they're here and I was curious if my bud knew what he was talking about.
Their menu consists of wraps, soups, salads, burgers, sandwiches, pastas, protein shakes, and smoothies.
Also on their menu are the total calories for each dish.
I had two meals.
Meal #1:  Premium Burger, Baked Potato, and an extra Chicken Breast.
There was nothing really special about the baked potato.
It was on the small side.
I thought that the burger was as juicy and as tasty as it gets for a 90% lean burger.
The highlight was the chicken breast.
I eat a lot of chicken throughout the week.
In my opinion, Muscle Maker's was one of the best clean chicken breast that I've had in a while.
The meat was thick, plump, and grilled just right.
Meal #2:  Rocky Balboa Wrap.
I only got this because one of the regulars and the employees suggested it.
I'm glad they did.
This wrap had chicken breast, turkey meatballs, cheese, and marinara.
This isn't the cleanest meal on their menu, but perfect if you're trying to up your calories and at the same time get your protein in.
Taste wise, this was pretty good.
The restaurant is clean and they should be since they're new.
The staff is great and there are a lot of them.
This Muscle Maker is located near the 24 Hour Fitness, which drove a lot of post-work out diners here.
So, it can get busy.
Overall, I'm a fan will come back.
I have an office just 5 minutes from here and when it's time to pound some protein, it's nice to know that there's a place minutes from me.
TIP:
-They deliver ($2.50 charge)
-Recommended by HealthyDiningFinder.com
-Prices are average
Bar Code Burger Bar - Las Vegas, NV (Flamingo Rd.)
What the heck took me so long to give Bar Code Burger Bar a try?
The bar is clean, the service is excellent, and their burgers are phenomenal.
Their burgers are all house made.
Each patty is a combination of ground chuck, short rib, and brisket.
If you love meat, then you'll love Bar Code Burger.
Their burger is huge, juicy, and packed with a ton of flavor.
I tried their Hangover Burger (cheese, egg, onion strings, and bacon) and the BBQ Big Burger (blueberry BBQ sauce, smoked Boston butt, cheddar, and bacon).
Both were delicious.
And here's the other good news, their burgers won't cost an arm and a leg.
A burger with fries cost around $11.
Want an even better deal?
Their food is 50% off for locals on Monday's.
Bar Code has 8 different burgers, including a lamb and turkey burger, 2 types of dawgs, 3 chicken sandwiches, wings, and even a few breakfast dishes.
But if you ask me, it's all about their Hangover Burger.
Bar Code Burger Bar is spacious, has a ton of flat screens, about 10 video poker machines, a pool table, and a shuffle board.
Keep in mind that Bar Code is a bar and smoking is allowed.
Bar Code is ventilated well and I didn't even smell the smoke from the 3 smokers at the bar.
The overall service at Bar Code is top-notch.
I could tell that our server wasn't just passionate about her customers, she was also passionate about their food.
She almost guaranteed that we would be very satisfied with their burgers.
And you know what?
I was extremely satisfied.
Been here a handful of times just for a drink.
Today's visit was my first to actually eat something.
Just finished the Color Run 5K in DTLV.
Because of Hennessey's was open and one of the first stops after the finish line, this place became the post-run hang out.
At least 75% of the guest were covered with orange, blue, yellow, and green.
This tavern is fairly big, but today's seating was limited with the amount of runners/walkers from the Color Run.
Service today was just okay, not like the the great service that they usually have.
I didn't drink on this visit but got something to eat.
My meal was just chicken tenders and fries.
I wasn't in the mood for anything heavy and the chicken tenders hit the spot.
Taste is just average.
In fact, I think I could have gotten the same thing at Carl's Jr.
However, I'm not complaining.
As long as I can eat, I'm a happy camper.
Today was just one of those off days for Hennessey's because of Color Run.
I've been here before and the ambiance/service has always been top notch.
I prefer beef, but will EAT MOR CHIKIN every once in a while.
If you didn't know, Chick-fil-A finally decided to open in Las Vegas.
The first two locations are actually located in Henderson.
So technically, this is the very first Las Vegas location.
I drove by on their first day of business and was shocked that the drive-thru had only 4 cars in line.
Well that was last week.
The word is out.
This Chick-fil-A is open and it is busy.
The drive-thru line was long, but looked quick and organized.
After cars pay and pick up their food, they're directed to a separate tent where they can get their dipping sauces.
The lines inside the restaurant made it to the doors, which isn't that long.
We are pros at busy Chick-fil-A's and will take advantage of the One App whenever there's a line.
We ordered ahead, waited 7 minutes & 23 seconds, and picked up our food.
We dined inside and it wasn't crowded at all.
The restaurant is very clean and sports a lot of Chick-fil-A Vegas advertising.
Chick-fil-A didn't invent the chicken, just the chicken sandwich.
That's one of their mottos.
If you haven't been to Chick-fil-A, then I suggest that you try the Original Chicken Sandwich with their chicken strips or nuggets.
In my opinion, the Original Chicken Sandwich is just okay.
It's their nuggets, both grilled and breaded, that I love.
Each chicken nugget is made with real chicken meat, just enough breading, and taste so good.
Their grilled chicken nuggets is the bomb too.
I can't end a Chick-fil-A review without mentioning their waffle fries.
These are the best and there's no wrong way to eat them.
EAT MOR WAFFUL FRYS!!!
Freshest poke I've had in Las Vegas!
No reason to go into too much detail about Poke Express since it's been done with all these reviews on here.
If you love fresh poke and never been to Poke Express, then you're missing out.
All the 5 star reviews for Poke Express isn't hype.
If you crave fresh "as good as it gets" poke, then Poke Express needs to be on your list.
My Favorites:
-Spicy Salmon:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=boCExakbpzFzpWRfuTFuZA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

-Ahi Poke w/Chili Water:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=hUDI7snJJ5DGwl7YO8239Q&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Tips:
-Don't expect a dining area here.
You can enjoy your poke standing inside, grubbin' in your car, as take out, or do what I do from time to time...I take it to Teriyaki Madness next door and eat it with a bowl of brown rice.
-Expect to meet the nicest owners.
It's been a long time since my previous visit and they still treated me like they know me.
They definitely know their regulars by name.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (054/366)
When I first moved out here about 2 years ago, this is where I went most of the time.
Too much of a hassle for me to hit the bars on the strip.
Came to chill usually on the weekdays, but try to avoid during the weekends.
Drink prices are average with everyone else around this area, but a must stop if you haven't been here before.
I admit, the drinks are strong here.
Or, is it because I'm pretty much faded by the time I get here.
Place is a mix between locals and out of towners.
I'm either getting bigger or this place is getting smaller every time I go here.
This place is tiny.
Move your feet, lose your seat literally.
Staff is good if you can find one.
Faster to just hit the bar for drinks.
Wow!!
5 Star Average!!
We're fans of Bahama Bucks, especially during the summer.
Ordering can get a little overwhelming because of the amount of flavors and possible combinations.
What makes Bahama Buck's so good is the amount of flavors they have, the creamy texture of their shave ice, and the great customer service.
I'm a wuss and my body can't handle too much sweets & ice cream.
So, I keep it clean and simple.
My order is usually a baby size Thin Ice Birthday Cake & Vanilla with their sugar-free Vanilla ice cream.
All Thin Ice flavors are calorie free and their sugar-free vanilla ice cream has only 100 calories.
This is perfect for me, especially when I'm cutting down my calories and have a sweet craving for something cold.
2017 Yelp Review #43
Hah!
I'm not the biggest fan of Chipotle, but you do what you got to do when you need to feed.
Recently shopping old Belz (now Premium South Outlets), I realized that meal #4 had to go down and meal #5 was just about 120 minutes later.
Here's the dilemma when you're at Belz.
It's hard to find something quick, healthy, and did I mention quick.
One good thing about Chipotle is that they have brown rice, steak, and chicken all ready for you.
For a restaurant in a busy shopping outlet, you would think this Chipotle would be busy.
But this Chipotle wasn't.
I entered the premises, requested for two scoops of their chicken/brown rice and I was out with the quickness.
Roughly 10 oz of chicken for less than $10.
Now that's a big on protein and small on the wallet.
Yeah Buddy!!
PS:  I know that Chipotle is known for their burritos, specifically their barbacoa burrito.
Burritos, Schmittos.
I'm sure their good.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (402/500)
Going coo coo for Coco's!
Coco's ranks as one of my favorite donut shop stops out here in Las Vegas.
Here's why...
-Service is always friendly.
I also love how they hook up a few donut holes with your purchase.
-Coco's is new and clean
-There's rarely a line
-They always have what I want, always in stock
-My opinion, they have the best dough-sants (ie cronuts) here.
-Always fresh, a bit crunchy on the outside, and soft on the inside.
-Cheap

My Favorites:
-Maple Bar
-Cinnamon Dough-Sants.
-Good old fashion glazed
-Their giant chocolate donut

I would have to thank the Donut Courier (ie the Donut Whisperer, the Cronut Lover, the GF) for introducing me to Coco's.
My coach, however, would think otherwise.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (052/366)
I was not too impressed and would like to keep this short and to the point.
Like another Yelper stated...every roll tasted like a California Roll.
My other issues:
-rice was warm.
When you have fresh fish in sushi, the rice should match.
Shouldn't it?
-Sapporo was even warm.
Almost asked for ice

Gave the place 2 stars because the service was at least good.
Their Yellow Tail Shashimi was good though.
With Kazien around the corner, no need to come back here.
So far, this is my favorite Gold's in Las Vegas.
I always wanted to workout at the Sahara and the Flamingo locations, but was told that they all closed down.
Oh well, this Gold's will just have to do.
Out of all the locations I've been to, this has to be my favorite for a couple of reasons.
1.
Free-Weights:  At this location, there's plenty of if.
Like I stated in a previous Gold's review, I love the steel plates.
Just that hollow sound of the plates banging against each other is music to my ears.
2.
Plenty of machines and cardio.
My only issue with their cardio, the treadmills are sometimes out of order.
3.
Location:  Not the closest Gold's to my home, but still a convenient one.
I actually prefer driving the extra 8 miles to get here.
It's also close to a ton of post-workout eats, grocery shopping, BabyCakes, etc.
Enough parking as well.
4.
Clean gym with clean restrooms

5.
Ambiance:  Since the Flamingo and Sahara locations are no longer around, you'll spot the occasional figure, bikini, and bodybuilding pros working out here.
Observing their workouts is like a free seminar.
My only gripe about this place is the lack of leg machines, specifically their leg extensions and lying leg curls.
Nothing beats free-weights, but there's still a place for machines like extensions and leg curls.
Since there's only one of each, you have to make sure that you step it up when you see it open up.
PS:  Like all other gyms, this one is super packed on Monday's around 5 PM.
But because the peeps here do more working out, than socialize, getting on a specific machine or bench is usually not an issue.
All other days are pretty much tamed.
I eat between 6-7 times per day during the week.
Eating the same meals daily is easy for me, but every once in a while I need a change from my boring chicken breast or lean ground beef.
Café Rio is just one of the options I have when I'm looking for something good, cheap, and clean.
This Café Rio is conveniently located by one of my offices and it's never busy.
A typical order for me is 2-3 servings of their fire grilled chicken with nothing.
The serving size is really depends on their employees.
Some scoop a lot, some don't.
It really doesn't matter to me just as long as I'm getting about 10 oz.
of meat.
You can really taste the quality of the chicken when it's prepped as plain as can be.
The chicken is pretty good and beats my chicken breast in a taste test any day.
TIP:  Café Rio is also known for their huge burritos and bowls.
2017 Yelp Review #65
Town Square actually offers more than I originally thought.
In the past, my visits here were mainly to have a couple of drinks and hang-out at the Yard House and Blue Martini.
Every once in awhile, I'd hit Rave Motions, Borders (gone now), and Fry's.
Just recently, I started walking the rest of this place and was surprised on how big Town Square really was.
Fashion Show, the Galleria, and Meadows was my shopping locations during Christmas last year.
There's a ton of other places to eat and shop.
What I enjoyed the most about Town Square was that it was outside and reminded me of some of the nicer malls I'd hit in California.
The people here are also mostly locals and this place also looks perfect for "Family Day"

I plan on coming back for sure.
Doesn't look like a bad place to get some exercise too.
I plan on hitting this place one AM for a quick jog.
Okay, I'll be honest, a quick walk.
Mary Jane Falls - Spring Mountain National Recreation Area

Rated as a moderate to strenuous hike.
Mary Jane Falls hike is about 1.5 miles, it's steep, but there's enough switchbacks to give your legs a little rest.
I think the hike is easy to moderate depending when you go.
During Summer:
Mary Jane Falls hike is perfect during the summer because it's about 20 degrees cooler than the city of Las Vegas.
There's also a lot of shade heading to the falls, which is pretty cool (get it?).
This hike is very popular and expect to see a lot of people after 9:00 AM.
As for the falls itself, it's dried out during the summer and perfect during the spring...drip.
During Winter:
I don't recommend Mary Jane Falls during the winter because it's dangerously slippery.
The trail is still visible and the rocks may not be as dry as they look.
The falls during the winter is a sight to be seen and heard.
You can still hear the water crashing down, but the falls is frozen like one giant icicle.
Don't expect too many tourist on the actual hike during this time.
But that doesn't mean that you won't see a ton of tourist at the trailhead acting a fool playing in the snow.
2017 Hike Review #6 / 2017 Yelp Review #44
According to Lyft and their National Awards, the MGM Grand is their Number #1 hotel destination in the United States.
I did not know this fact until I read Lyft's Top 10 Destinations.
But it makes a lot of sense.
MGM is one of the closest casinos to the airport.
MGM is also huge, it's grand.
The place is so big and is also the home of a lot of big entertainers and sporting events.
MGM Grand will also lead you to Top Golf.
And by the way, Lyft ranked Top Golf their Number #1 bar destination in Vegas.
I don't think it's a coincidence.
Tourist and locals love the MGM.
As for me, I'm over it.
This place gets super crowded, the table limits are a little high for my budget, and the prices for everything is jacked up.
The MGM is a staple on the strip and a very popular destination for tourist.
2017 Yelp Review #91
Echo & Rig got some love early from Yelpers.
Echo & Rig is a new steakhouse located in Tivoli Village.
Echo & Rig is one of those restaurants that is very welcoming.
What I mean by this is that it's wide open when you enter It's also spacious, clean, and your treated with smiles/greets.
But then there's a wait just to be seated and for them to take your order.
It was roughly 50 minutes between waiting for a table and taking our orders.
Another issue...we were a party of 4 and had to share the rest of our table with another party of 4.
We were asked if we were okay with it and we were...only because we didn't want to wait much longer.
Enough said...Yes, there's a wait for a weekday night.
Our group ordered a mix of food.
-Mac & Cheese:  Pretty good stuff.
Got the light creamy, cheesy mac here.
Love the thick macaroni too.
-Butternut Ravioli:  Buttery good

-Garlic Mashed Potato:  Yikes...not the best.
-Pumpkin Squash:  Amazing!
-Portabello Fries:  This was a good highlight for me.
Mushroom fries?
Yes sir!
-Bone Marrow:  I didn't try.
So, I can't judge

-Fried Oyster Sliders:  My opinion, not a good mix.
I like oysters.
I like sliders.
But oysters and sliders together?
This just didn't mix well for me.
Slimy and greasy all in one bite.
-"Over the Rainbow" Salad: I'm not a salad lover, but couldn't help myself with their "Over the Rainbow".
Tasty and they even added quinoa.
What is it?
It's Queen-No.
Now for my main entree.
I originally wanted to try their Spencer Steak, but was talked into the filet mignon.
Our waiter suggested the filet since it's supposedly their best cut and best tasting steak.
Honestly, I was not impressed with the filet at all.
I regret that I didn't ask them in advance how juicy a medium and how dry a medium-well was.
I usually get my steaks medium-well.
What I got was a filet mignon that was well-done at the top and medium on the inside.
I guess that's what Echo & Rig considers medium-well.
I wasn't impressed, but the price was super cheap for a filet mignon.
I guess I can't complain either.
You get what you pay for.
Filet Mignon:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=R12LqBIuxMU5OHwdkIbG3A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Sampling:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ecUEKvNTzxaQ2p7f7FhUOw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

A Must:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=o_qfuP0kwGtdGUce-WzVLA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ


Overall, I was very excited to try this place out due to the reviews, location, and it's steak.
I left with mixed reviews.
Long waits, average steak, but cheap with delicious appetizers.
You win some, you lose some.
I broke even.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (469/500)
Read the reviews and there's mixed ratings here, even from some of my Yelp buds.
What it takes to get 4+ star review from me...
-The Service
-The Wait
-The Ambiance
-The Food
-The Price

5 for 5 on my last visit here at Ventano Italian grill.
It's bee awhile since I got to indulge in some Italian food.
Actually, it was three weeks, but who's counting.
The gf booked Ventano for my birthday weekend with friends.
That alone is 5 stars!!
Service was pretty good.
We didn't wait since we had reservations, our orders were taken quick, our drinks kept full, and our food didn't take long.
The ambiance at Ventano was one of the highlights.
If you're seated by the windows, you get a good view of the strip.
As for the food, it's tough for me to judge what everyone else thought.
But they must have liked their dishes because nothing was left on anyone's plate.
I wanted their Chicken Marsala and Lasagna.
The gf wanted the same.
I got the lasagna, she got the Marsala, and we shared.
Just my preference, but I prefer my lasagna to have more pasta and meat over one that is buried in sauce.
Ventano's is buried in sauce, which wasn't bad.
It's just not how I like it.
As for their Chicken Marsala, this was pretty good.
This too was covered in their sauce, but I prefer my Chicken Marsala this way.
Ventano hooks this one up with enough pieces of chicken to satisfy your protein needs.
Regarding price, I thought it was about average depending on what you're getting.
Some dishes seemed a little high, while some was just right.
Overall, the food was decent, the service was on par, and the views are fantastic.
PS:  Their breadsticks are addicting.
3 orders please!
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (025/366)
I pass by the Cannery Hotel and Casino in North Las Vegas almost daily.
I originally never had any interest in ever stepping foot in here because I expected a small and smokey dungeon of a casino.
Family was in town this week and wanted to go.
So, here I am writing a review.
As soon as I walk in, I decided to walk around before I make any judgments of the place.
The first thing that caught my eye as I walked around this joint was that there are so many rest rooms.
I've been to casino/hotels where you literally am walking all over the place just to go number 1.
Then I realize that it was just the same rest room I walked by earlier.
I think I lapped this place before I realized it.
Yes, this place is small and also smokey as I expected.
I don't play slots, but my parents swear by this place.
They ended up coming here 3 nights in a row.
They probably won here, but I think they like it here because it reminds them of the Indian casinos they frequent in California.
Then my brother in law paid a visit and won big on Black Jack.
Besides my parents, my brother in law is now a fan.
This only means that I will be hitting this place up more.
For me, this isn't my first, second, or even third casino of choice.
I can understand why some people like it.
It's probably because;

-It's small and some people like smaller casinos.
Also finding your party is easy, especially when it's time to go home.
-Slot Machines:  I'm told this place pays out.
Machines don't ever look busy.
-Victory Bar/Grill:  I haven't tried anything in here, but looks good and may probably come back soon to try.
-Rewards/Players Card:  They have a current offer for new members which is that they reimburse you up to $100 for any loses your first 24 hr period.
You feel like you're playing on house money.
But actually it's a trick to get you back and spend more.
I won't do it, I won't do it.
Okay, I did.
Cons:
-Smokey.
My clothes reeked of smoke when I got home.
-Poker Room:  Small and I should consider it a room.
It's 3 tables in the middle of the casino.
I can't judge the games because I didn't play, but everyone look so serious to play 2/4 limit.
Why so serious??
-No 3 Card Poker or Let It Ride:  Probably the only table games that I play.
-Takes forever for your drinks to come.
I sometimes think it's their trick for you to spend more.
Overall, I gave this place 4 stars because my parents love this place.
And you know that mom is never wrong.
I also think this casino serves its purpose.
Po' Boys Galore!!!
Short Review:
Not just hype, Streetcar Po' Boys is pretty close to what you expect to get in NOLA.
My opinion...I've had some better Po' Boys here than I did in NOLA.
Give them a shot.
The service is excellent and the food is as good as what you expect to find in NOLA itself.
Long Review:
Every restaurant visit starts off with service.
The service starts the tone and I have to say, Streetcar started off with great hospitality.
At least 8 employees personally greeted me and once we were all seated, the 5 star service didn't stop.
Great job so far, great job.
But it's all about the food, right?
So here we go...

1)  Fried Mac N Cheese, Hush Puppies, and Corn Fritters:  The hush puppies were good, the corn fritters were great, and the fried mac was awesome.
My only complaint...other Yelpers on our table loved the fried mac too, which meant less for me.
2)  Fried Pickles & Okras:  This was actually Victoria Q's dish and she was willing to share.
Not a huge fan of pickles, but became one after trying their fried version.
As for the okras, sorry but just okay.
3)  Pirogue (Crawfish & Sausage):  This was our first Po'Boy to try.
I admit that this was my first crawfish and sausage Po'Boy.
So, I didn't expect this one to be a mushy one.
Considering that I'm not the biggest fan of crawfish and sausage, I still thought it was pretty good.
4)  The Streetcar (Shrimp, Oysters, and Catfish):  This was my favorite out of all the Po'Boys that I tried during my visit.
Crunchy catfish mixed with shrimp & oyster.
You would think that your taste buds would get confused, but they don't.
I loved how this Po'Boy was seasoned/spiced.
5)  Crescent City (Muffuletta):  5 different meats all inside a great tasting, fresh muffuletta.
This one was a beast to eat and perfect for all you meat-lovers out there.
6)  Marie Laveau (Boudin Sausage):  If you like spiced, pulverized, and mushy sausage, then you'll love this.
7)  Bourbon Street (Roast Beef):  I only got a small taste of this one since I was already stuffed from the other Po' Boys.
This was a little messy and flavorful.
This Po' Boy reminds me of Mother's infamous Debris Po' Boy.
8)  Desserts:  I tried the bread pudding, beignets, and praline King Cake.
I thought that both the King Cake and the bread pudding were phenomenal.
As for their beignets, they look good, but I thought it was too airy and bland.
All Po'Boys have two sizes, a regular and a large.
Like what you'll find in New Orleans, there's a big difference in size, but not in price (about a $2 difference between a regular and a large).
The Streetcar was my favorite, followed by the Crescent City.
However, depending on your taste or mood at the time, you can't go wrong any any of their Po'Boy's.
All were packed with flavor, huge servings, and really inexpensive.
But the highlight in all these Po'Boys had to be the bread itself.
The breads are so fresh, which only made each Po'Boy that much more tastier.
Trust me...Streetcar has to be on your list if you're craving authentic Po'Boys.
PS:  Norm K, I accept your offer for a free meal.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (051/366)
Slice of Heaven!
Service was on mark!
Most delicious pizza in Vegas!
This is just a few quotes from local papers that describe what you get at Settebello.
From Yelpers to friends, if you bring up great tasting pizza in Las Vegas, Settebello is what comes up.
I'm almost embarrassed to admit that this was my first time to try Settebello's pizza.
Yes, I love food.
Yes, I Yelp.
And Yes, I enjoy a good pizza every now and then.
So, what has stopped me all these years is the opportunity to try Settebello.
Well, with $1 Margherita Pizza Night, I could not resist any longer.
It's all about a great tasting Margherita Pizza for me.
And that's exactly what you get here at Settebello.
I'm not a fan of a thick crusted, overly sauced, and high calorie pizza.
So, their Margherita is perfect.
What you get is a thin crusted, lightly sauced pizza with mozzarella, basil, parmigiano, and olive oil.
I had mushrooms and sausage added just for the extra boost of protein and flavor.
Their Margherita  is pretty close to what you expect in Naples.
Believe me, I know.
Regarding price, the restaurant, and service, keep in mind that I ate here on $1 Margherita Pizza Night.
That means lines and a longer wait.
This wasn't a normal night so I'm not going to base my rating on their service.
The size of the restaurant was spacious with seating at the bar, booths, and their outside patio.
As for price, even though I only paid $1 for my pizza, their regular price for a pizza was about $10.
Not bad, not bad at all.
Overall, I love me some pizza and Settebello is not only as good as it gets, but also as authentic as it gets.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (027/366)
My overall experience with Bon Chef Cafe is this....Bang For Your Buck!!!
I had my chance to eat here when they first opened and sometime before Valentines, but circumstances beyond my control prevented me.
Then I saw that the Duchess of Bon Chef aka Shirley B was holding her first UYE here.
I'm a fan of UYE's and an even bigger fan of Shirley B.  I wanted to show my support for her first UYE, but knew I was going to be out of town that day.
Sorry Shirley B!!
All was not lost though.
Coincidentally, Terri R brought up that we need to try Bon Chef before we start to get serious with our training.
I was thinking the same thing.
And you know what would make dinner at Bon Chef even better...that's dinner with Shirley B herself.
So it's on!!!
Terri R contacted Shirley B, I contacted Ian A, and my other favorite twin Alicia R also made the dinner.
Just from the line up, I already knew a great meal was ahead of us.
We arrived at the same time and was greeted with open arms from Chef Ash and Team Bon Chef.
Chef Ash noticed that we had Shirley with us and stated "Tonight, you will be treated like Kings and Queens".
All this special treatment just because we had the Duchess with us.
First impression...5 stars Homie.
And by the way, I'm the Duke of In-N-Out in case you wanted to know.
Now let's take a look at the menu.
First review off the menu was immediate delight.
Everything on the menu was decently price, okay it was cheap.
Everyone got something different, but we all shared the pita and hummus.
This was so addicting that even with two orders on the table, an extra order was made.
I ended up getting their Tilapia a la francaise, which is their tilapia filet, egg battered in lemon and white wine sauce.
Not what you're thinking with this one.
They hooked this bad boy up.
The dish came with rice, some greens that I never eat, and 3 well portioned filets of tilapia.
This was so deliciously made, flaky, and was complimented perfectly with their egg battered lemon/wine sauce.
About 10 oz of great tasting tilapia for less than $12 is a steal.
Obviously, I was not disappointed with my first visit to Bon Chef Cafe.
Once our meal as done and the bill was paid, Chef Ash brought over some complimentary Baklava for dessert.
I guess when you dine with the Duchess, you truly are treated like Kings.
Thank you Chef Ash.
Thank you Shirley B.  

PS:  Read the reviews.
Great service is given to everyone here.
You don't need to have the Duchess with you for a superb experience.
But it sure doesn't hurt.
Question for Shirley B:  Who's got it better than us???
Tilapia a la francaise:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=XpXtyXo3q0QC5IC8nFdOhA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Baklava: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=hyC9TYvDDZH8div7ZdJrDA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
First review of 2013!!
Neon lights, strong pours, loud music, and a great staff.
Now top that off with a fun game of pool with friends.
Backstage Bar & Billiards, located on the east end of Fremont, is a nice change of pace.
Keep in mind that this is a bar first, hang out second, and pool hall third.
Don't expect to come here and think you're Tom Cruise from the Color of Money.
This place is more of a lounge where you can just relax, have a drink, and even enjoy a game of 8-Ball.
Drinks are priced about average to this side of town.
No Las Vegas strip prices here.
New, spacious, clean, and free of the overwhelming stench of smoke.
Regarding the pool, $10 an hour which is not bad.
Because it's dark and the lighting is all neon, it will take a few games for your eyes to adjust.
Tables are small, but bigger than your coin operated bar tables.
Felt is also lightning fast, which means more action on the cue ball for all you players that play for shape on the next ball.
Only a handful of tables and luckily I was here when it wasn't busy.
Overall, I like this place for a drink and maybe a quick game of pool.
If you're looking for something different to do in the downtown area, tired of the usually bar scene, or just want to play a couple of games of pool, Backstage Bar & Billiards should be your destination.
Happy New Years Everyone!!!
Been here a handful of times in the last 2 years, but have yet to even try a cheeseburger.
How ironic is that?
That's like going to a strip club to play video poker.
The Food:
-Nachos:  Not bad, will hit the spot.
I've had better.
-Steak Fries:  I like them, but without the seasoning.
The seasoning kills it.
-Loco Moco:  This is what I usually get when I come here.
They make it with 2 patties which is a plus.
Usually there's still enough fight in me after a Loco Moco, but not from the ones here.
The portions are big.
My experience has always been pretty good.
Service has always been good and I have yet ever had to wait for a seat.
Sat inside a couple of times, but prefer to sit outside.
However, it's really not outside, just outside the restuarant.
Good people watching from outside.
Located inside the Miracle Mile/Planet Hollywood.
I promise...I will get a burger the next time I'm here.
Serenade - Las Vegas, NV

When I think of Serenade, I think of three words...Huh Knee Toast!!
In my opinion, Serenade has the best honey toast in Vegas.
The toast itself is huge, cooked to perfection, and topped off with a nice sized scoop of ice cream.
It's rare that you'll ever get a soggy piece of honey toast here.
For one, it's made fresh.
And two, it's so good that it's probably demolished before its given a chance to cool off.
And by the way, Serenade's coffee is pretty good too.
Peace!
Regal Downtown Summerlin is one of my favorite places to watch a movie in comfort.
Back in the day, like 4 years ago, only the Galaxy Theaters had the luxury reclining seats.
Now, there's multiple theaters in Las Vegas with the comfort of these seats.
What makes Summerlin's regal great is the convenience of being located in Downtown Summerlin, the huge reserved seating, and the ability to purchase your ticket online.
The theater is also proudly serves Starbucks and alcohol.
Expect to pay a little more to watch a movie here, but it's worth it.
This is one busy Nike.
I have my favorite Nike Stores that I like to hit and this one is ranked in some where in the middle.
Size of this location is about the same with the others I frequent in California.
When it comes to product, it's hit and miss for me.
Either they have a ton of deals and a great selection or I can't find anything that interest me.
One thing about Nike is that their prices are up there compared to their competition (i.e.
UA, Adidas, Reebok, etc).
You can sometimes find good prices, but the quality is usually lacking.
Remember, you get what you pay for.
But with Nike, you also are paying for the name.
This location can get really busy, especially during the weekends and holidays.
And when it gets busy, getting some basic customer service is lacking here.
Often I have to chase someone down for assistance.
I actually prefer the Nike at Primm and Viejas (San Diego CA) over this one.
But if you're at this outlet mall and looking for sportswear, give them a try.
I may not find what I'm looking for, but you may.
I have my home 24hr and prefer that one, but do come out to this one at least once a week.
When it comes to a gym, for me it comes down to whether I can get a good workout.
Been to bigger and cleaner gyms, but not able to do what I want to do because it's too crowded.
This gym is not the cleanest and not the biggest.
If you go to the gym to people watch, then don't come here.
This place is dead.
Now my reason for the 5 stars:
- I like a gym like this.
All business here.
No one is here to socialize.
- Place is so dead that you can definitely go all out with your workouts.
No lunk alarm here..feel free to grunt.
Light weight!!!
Yeah buddy!!!
- Enough free weights, especially the dumbbells.
DB's up to 40lbs have 2.5 lb increments.
How many times have been curling a weight that's too light, but next weight is too heavy.
Not here.
- Staff: can't complain
- Rest rooms: I will just wait till I get home, never clean.
If I lived closer, I'd come here more often.
Been to almost every 24hr in Vegas.
To me, probably the best.
But you have to be self motivated to workout here.
Vegas Baby Unite!!
The "Welcome to Las Vegas Sign" is a very popular destination for tourist and locals.
At any given day or night, the line to this sign is long.
People come here in flocks to take pictures of this world famous sign.
Some even bring their own selfie sticks.
Some are just too impatient and will photo bomb people's pictures.
Take my advice and take advantage of the guy or gal that's posted at the front of the line with a camera.
He or she is equipped with additional lighting and will even take a picture with your phone.
They'll post a few serious pics, some creative pics, and the obligatory picture with you flashing the peace sign.
All this cost is a tip.
Besides, it's never fun telling one person in your group to take the picture.
You're basically telling them that they are not wanted in the picture.
Have a great day and "Welcome to Las Vegas"!
TIP:  The back of the sign, which reads "Drive Carefully Come Back Soon" doesn't get enough love.
Scary when I considered eating at El Pollo Loco as eating healthy.
But it's healthier than most of the restaurants that I will frequent throughout the week.
I don't go to this particular Loco often, only when I'm getting my cut at Xpress Cuts.
Cleanliness is hit or miss here.
Sometimes it's super clean and sometimes it's just missing some housekeeping.
But I put that blame on the guest that don't clean up after themselves.
I really don't go outside the box when I visit El Pollo Loco.
It's usually 5 Chicken Legs or their 3 piece combo.
Regardless what choose, I'm shredding the chicken meat and eating it burrito style.
TIP:  This drive thru is crazy busy and at all times of the day.
One reason this drive thru gets busy is because it wraps around Wells Fargo Bank.
There has to be at least 2 times I've been here where someone thought they were in line for the ATM.
My suggestion, dine in or get your meal inside.
I feel that a review update is needed on this specific Teriyaki Madness.
I was recently here and had good food with bad service.
I waited a long time for my food and dropped my rating to a 3 because of this.
Since that review, I've been contacted multiple times from the owner of Teriyaki Madness, Dean.
We spent a good 20 minutes talking about the business, but most importantly, what T-MAD was going to do to fix some of the issues.
Let me stress that the owner never asked me to change my review, was never defensive, and never attempted to bribe me.
This is all a good sign from a owner that cares about his customers.
Dean basically explained the cooking process to me, why the katsu taste the way it taste, and why my meal took longer than most.
I actually learned some things from our conversation.
1.
The Katsu here is made out of real chicken breast, not minced pieces of chicken.
Because they're using chicken breast, the batter that's found at Hawaiian restaurants will not stick.
So, T-MAD uses one that's healtier and can stick to chicken breast.
In other words, they didn't want to sacrifice health over taste.
2.
I usually order chicken breast with no sauce.
I had no idea that my order would take longer than everyone else because their chicken is marinated.
When I order, they assume I didn't want marinade.
So, they would cook a new batch without marinade just for me.
Thus, why my meal took longer than everyone.
3.
I commented that the other T-MAD's tasted better.
He explained some of the possible reasons with one being the new equipment at this location.
4.
I learned that all gym-goers get a discount here.
I never seen this advertised and the employees never mentioned it.
Dean mentioned it though and I will make sure that I'm getting that discount moving forward.
Dean felt that my review was fair and deserving.
He reviewed video of my last visit, addressed the issues with his employees, and even apologized for my recent experience.
Bottom line, he recognized me as a regular at most of his locations and wanted to know to know that he valued my opinion about his business.
Great job Teriyaki Madness!
You just brought a fan back.
Surprisingly, probably one of my favorite malls in Las Vegas.
I remember this mall from back in the day when I use to visit Las Vegas 15+ years ago.
I remember thinking that this small mall has nothing to offer compared to what I had in California.
Now that I live here, I actually appreciate this mall little more.
First of all, I don't consider Meadows Mall your typical mall.
It's more like a indoor strip mall because there's really not many stores for you to shop at.
And, it's small in case I didn't mention it already.
There's a Macy's, a couple of sports stores, couple of shoe shops, and a Sears.
I'm sure there's more, but that's all I ever visit.
The thing I like about this mall is that it's never crowded.
I usually get parking close, even during the holidays.
I'm in and out when I go here.
The parking lot can get confusing though since the parking spots are angled against the opposite angle to the mall.
So many times I couldn't find my car because of this.
Because of the size of this mall, you can literally smell Ms. Field's throughout the whole mall.
If you're shopping for something specific and this mall has it, then stop here for a quick in and out visit.
Probably the easiest mall I've ever been to.
Here's my review of Ping Pong Thai.
3 Stars for Service:
We were seated right away and the restaurant was clean.
My issue is the lack of service that we received once we placed our order and got our food.
My advice...order an extra glass of water or maybe two extra.
Once you get your food, you'll never hear from them again until your bill arrives.
3 Stars for the Ambiance:
This place is small and since there are a lot of people that dine here for lunch, you also feel cramped.
It's loud and a decent conversation with friends while you're eating shouldn't be expected.
Come to think of it, I think it's my friends that were the loud ones.
Regardless, don't expect any QT with your party if you eat here.
3 Stars for the Food:  I got their Beef/Broccoli w/Brown Rice and a side of their Satay Chicken.
The beef and broccoli was a bit salty with the highlight being the broccoli.
As for the Satay chicken, this is not something that I would order again.
Lacked taste and the portions were small.
4 Stars for Price: They got this part right.
Lunch for 3 costs about $30, which is a great price.
Portions, except their Satay Chicken, are huge.
My friends are fans because they work in the area.
That also probably means that I will be back.
However, I'm not a fan.
The service and food is just A-Ok.
Note to self...stay away from their Satay Chicken.
The Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino used to be the Hilton a recent as a couple of years ago.
The name has changed, the casino sure hasn't.
I was recently here to watch my goddaughter's martial arts tourney, which was located inside the West Gate Convention Center.
The good news is that she won all of her events because she's bad@$$.
The bad news is the rooms that these tournaments are held in have literally no ventilation.
I have also been here for a few basketball tournaments in the past and experienced the same issue.
I've stayed at the hotel years ago and thought that a remodel was needed.
My friend's that recently stayed here commented that the rooms are dirt cheap and a remodel is still needed.
You get what you pay for, right?
What highlights the West Gate is their sports book.
This sport book is huge and probably the best place to catch a game when you have money riding on it.
The deli at the sports book isn't too bad either.
I still consider the Westgate a local casino just based on the lower limit tables and the overall look/feel of this place.
AMATEUR TIP:  Self-parking is still free.
Eventually, we're all going to have to pay.
2017 Yelp Review #90
Three words for you...High End Expensive.
I can't give the Shoppes at the Palazzo any less than 5 stars because they market, advertise, and sell MONEY.
That's their main goal.
Put a bunch of high end stores together and make money.
Since they accomplish their goal, you can't fault them for it.
When it comes to expensive goodies, might as well set it up correctly and at one of the more classier casinos like the Palazzo.
All the stores are maintained, clean, and have some of the best service ever, like ever.
I've only been here a half dozen times and never bought anything due to my wine taste/beer budget.
But I can tell you one thing, you're never stereotyped here, you're never treated like you don't belong, and you're never more than a minute in a store without great service.
My issue...I just can't justify some of the expenses.
If I ever hit the CA Lottery (2, 23, 45, 55, 8, Mega 13) then you may finally find me here not window shopping, but actually getting something.
The Shoppes at the Palazzo:  http://www.theshoppesatthepalazzo.com/directory
I usually make my sports bets online via Sports Connection.
But when and if I win, I have to hit one of the Station Casinos to cash out.
Red Rock's Sports Book is where I go.
Location of this sports book is convenient.
Plenty of seating and located near their parking structure, a bar, and their poker room.
Seats fill up during the games, but this is no different than anywhere else in Vegas.
This sports book is clean with comfortable seating.
VIP seating available as well.
Place bets or actually cashing out can get a little frustrating at times.
After a game is done, expect long lines to get your money or worse trying to place a bet before the next game.
I suggest cashing out before one of the other games end.
Or, just wait until the line dies down.
If you're withdrawing or depositing from your Sports Connection account, expect no lines since there's a separate window for this.
Best Internet Connection Ever!!!
Downtown Summerlin opened in October 2014 and I have been a fan since.
The Howard Hughes Corporation got it right and built a beautiful place for locals to shop, dine, and even entertain.
Downtown Summerlin reminds me of Town Square minus the tourist.
This place may look like a high end shopping mall, but it's not.
Don't let the bling of this place fool you.
Stores like Apple, Dillard's, H&M, Macy's, Lululemon, and Trader Joe's can be found here.
Shopping is not my thing.
However, eating is.
My favorite restaurants here include CPK (good burger & the BBQ Chicken Pizza), Andiron (great brunch), MTO (I love eggs), Public School 702 (the food & ambiance), Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken (monthly pictures of fried chicken sandwiches) and Gelato Messina (simply heaven).
The food doesn't stop there.
There's also a Shake Shack, CREAM, Crave, Maggiano's, Fogo De Chao, Five Guys, Earl of Sandwich, Lazy Dogg, and many others.
For entertainment, you can enjoy a movie at Regal (w/reserved luxury seating), play games at Dave & Buster's (giant Pac-Man), or gamble at Red Rock Casino.
Downtown Summerlin has also become a place where we take our out-of-town guest.
They love it.
If I have one gripe, it's the poor internet connection here.
Otherwise, Downtown Summerlin Rocks!!
TIP:  Be on the lookout for their Farmer's Market on Saturday's.
2017 Yelp Review #57
The Goodwich is another one of those popular Yelp stops that gets a ton of 5 Star Reviews.
Let me try to debunk that.
Foie, Le Pig, and Crispy Chicken Skin???
Honestly, none of this really appeals to me.
Thus, the reason why it took me so long to eat here.
I'm in the area frequently.
No, not for OG's, but for AOF.
So, it was just a matter of time that I would finally get a chance at the Goodwich.
You see the review rating.
So, that means that I'm no different than the previous Yelpers that reviewed this place.
The Goodwich is "as good as it gets!"
when it comes to their sandwiches.
I got their Reuben-ish on wheat, which consist of corned beef, swiss, kraut, and 1000 Island type dressing.
Not quite sure what made this sandwich one of the best I've had in a while.
Not sure if it was because their bread was perfectly grilled, the corned beef & swiss smashed to a flavorful goodness, or the mix of toppings complimented my sandwich just right.
Regardless of what made my sandwich at the Goodwich a greatwich, they have convinced me that I've been missing out this whole time.
Whatever it was, it was good and I can't wait for another cheat meal here.
PS:  Prior to eating here, I thought I'd be one of the few Yelpers that gave the Goodwich less than 5 stars.
Boy, was I wrong.
The Goodwich delivers in service, price, and in food.
5 Stars!!!!
45 minutes in line just to order our food!!!
Are you kidding me???
I remember having my first taco from Tacos El Gordo.
This was close to 20 years ago, TEG was just a small taco stand, and the location was in TJ (right next to Caliente Sports Book & Senor Frogs to be exact).
As a teen or in my early 20's, we use to hit up Caliente, place some bets, and finish the night off eating tacos that cost roughly $.50 each.
Around the early 2000's, TEG started to invade the 619.
They didn't have a restaurant in the US at the time, but catered a lot of events and parties.
Heck..I even had TEG cater one of my daughter's birthday parties back in the day.
Their food was phenomenal, the service was impeccable, and the price was by the hour.
There was a huge demand for TEG's street tacos in the 619.
The demand was so big that they eventually opened a few restaurants in Southside San Diego.
Tacos El Gordo the restaurant was born and the rest is history.
The original TEG in SD (ie.
Chula Vista) is very similar to this location.
The prices are about the same, the two separate lines (one for asada, one for al pastor) are the same, the taste/quality is the same, and the wait is the same.
Actually, SD's location is a little faster, but just a little.
The GP and I decided to give this TEG a try.
We waited about 45 minutes to place our orders, which is way too long.
The gurlpren went directly to the al pastor line and I went straight for the asada line.
One item that this location has that the SD location doesn't have is Carne Asada Fries.
So, I opted for Carne Asada Fries with two sides of Asada Tacos.
I admit, their street tacos are as good as it gets.
For $10, they really hook up their Carne Asada Fries.
And for $2 each, the Asada Tacos were also hooked up.
Taste wise...TEG in the NLV is pretty close to the TEG in the 619.
TEG's Carne Asada Fries is pretty good, but the not the best that I have had.
I still killed it, though.
However, they still rock a pretty damn good street taco.
And if it wasn't for the long lines, I would have probably given them 4 or more stars.
Overall, I am a fan of TEG's food.
I'm just not a fan of the lines.
Gracias very much!!!
Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken is one of those places that grew on me.
I have to admit, I wasn't impressed with BRFC the first two times that I dined here.
I wasn't originally a fan of their chicken, the shoestring fries, and the sticker shock.
In my opinion, a combo meal at around $15 is just too pricey.
I have been back multiple times since my first two visits.
And since then, I have tried almost everything on their menu, including their sides and the monthly chicken sandwiches.
Either BRFC stepped up their game or I came to appreciate what they had to offer.
The fried chicken is very tender, fully seasoned (BRFC doesn't miss a spot), and juicy.
The quality of their chicken is a huge plus for me.
I know I'm getting at least 6 oz.
of chicken meat when I have one of their chicken sandwiches.
My favorites include February's Love Bird, May's Chicken de Mayo, the Natural (grilled chicken sandwich), some parts of the Beak-to-Butt, and Da Whole Bird.
The service is always great too.
And by the way, I'm still not a fan of their shoestring fries.
Dragon Fire Coffee!!
Great Grubbing is great.
I've been a fan of Great Grubbing since they opened the original location off Eastern Ave.
They have since moved to this location and everything is still great.
This location is a lot greater with more seating.
Kenny, the owner, is so cool and great.
And if he's not too busy, he'll chat it up with you with some great conversation.
When it comes to Great Grubbing, I only come for one thing and that's their Dragon Fire Coffee.
The DFC is Great Grubbing's version of the "bulletproof" coffee.
GG makes their DFC with a bunch of options.
I'll have it with Medium Chain Triglycerides (MCT) and Ghee butter.
For an additional $1.50, you can also add a scoop of Intek Protein powder.
I find that the MCT helps me with my digestion, keeps me regular, and pumps me with energy without the crash.
MCT also helps me get fat-adapted, which is great if you're trying to make fats your main fuel source instead of glucose.
I can make my own "bulletproof" style coffee at home, but it's never ever as great as Great Grubbing's.
Great Grubbing's Dragon Fire Coffee is so smooth, frothy, and very tasty.
Bottom line, it's great.
Great Grubbing also has a great selection of food.
GG serves breakfast items, protein pancakes/waffles, burgers, pizzas, sandwiches, rice bowls, and baked goods.
Most of their dishes are created on the healthier side, Vegan friendly, and gluten-free.
Take my advice and give Great Grubbing a try.
Not only do they have great food, they have great coffee.
2017 Great Yelp Review #74
I know that Ross J's has been around for quite some time.
Shame on me, that it took me this long to eat here.
I'm in the area from time to time and have been to Blue Fin and Sumo, but never here until recent.
The food at Ross J's is comfort island food to me.
Here, you can get pretty much the same dishes that the rest of the Hawaiian joints have.
But here, the prices are cheap and the portions are huge.
We arrived one early evening for a quick dinner with friends.
I ended up getting their Loco Moco and Portuguese Sausage Masubi.
Total came to about $7, which is a steal.
Both were full of favor and did I mention the servings?
My Loco Moco had enough rice that was drenched in gravy, topped with eggs, and complimented with two hamburger patties.
If I'm in the area, specifically in this side of Henderson, I now know where to go if I'm craving some comfort food at a great deal.
Loco Moco:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=7S7rzrgGKlbyeW9aTEjyiA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Portuguese Sausage Masubi:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=bsDfORivIAUj9CIkPL5FyQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
This Starbucks is notorious for being busy, especially since there is no drive thru.
There's tons of parking around the building.
There's just not enough parking in front.
I don't usually mix it up when it comes to my coffee at Starbucks.
I always keep it simple with a venti hot or iced Americano and will add cinnamon powder every once in a while.
I love Starbucks for their consistency.
My Americano always taste the same regardless of which Starbucks I go to.
I usually order/pay through my app to skip the long lines.
I really can't say anything negative about the staff.
I never have to deal with anyone.
I just walk in and pick up my coffee.
I'm in an out so quick that I don't even bother checking in through Yelp.
This review is going to be more of a comparison between Bali Foot Spa and Best Foot Spa.
Like everyone has stressed on their reviews already...$20 per hour here at Bali Foot.
When it comes to these foot spas out here, it's usually Best Foot that I go to.
I try to get a massage in at least once a month just to address aching muscles and to relieve some stress.
My most recent visit to Bali Foot Spa was actually my first visit too.
I first heard of Bali Foot Spa from Terri R. She mentioned that Teri C recently gave a 5 star review.
So, we both had to check this place out one evening.
Plus, it's cheap.
Best Foot Spa vs. Bali Foot Spa:

-Price:  Bali wins!
At Bali, their massages are only $20 per our.
Best Foot is almost double, but I have gotten $24 full hour massages at Best Foot from time to time.
I'm just comparing their normal prices.
-Location:  Bali wins!
This location is a little closer to me and to the strip.
-Service:  Tie on this one.
Some of the nicest people working at both locations.
-Ambiance:  Best Foot Spa wins!
Bali is bigger, maybe even 3 times bigger.
But Bali gets busy and loud.
At Best Foot, it's tranquil and relaxing.
Keep in mind, that I also get my massages normally on weekends when it's busier anyway.
I have to see if it's quieter during the weekdays at Bali.
I also wished Bali had walls separating their rooms to at least cover some of the surrounding noise (i.e.
kids playing, babies crying, people chattering, and even other people snoring).
I swear Terri R was snoring, but she'll deny it to the end.
-Massages (Feet, Calves, Hands, Arms, Head, Face, Neck, and Arms):  I give this one to Best Foot.
-Massages (Quads, Hamstrings, Glutes, and Back):  Bali takes this one.
-Overall Massages:  At Best Foot, the massages are tailored to your liking or request.
They ask you what parts you want worked on longer, what are your likes, and dislikes.
After a few visits, they know who to give you and also know how much pressure you will need.
At Bali's, they just do their routine massage.
I wish more time was spent on my back, glutes, and hamstrings.
I think on my next visit I will see if they can tailor their massages on my needs.
I know this may seem odd, but I usually ask that they spend less time on my feet.
I know, I know, it's a foot spa.
But I'm a ticklish like Tickle Me Elmo (i.e.
Tickle Me Melmo).
Overall, I think that Bali and Best Foot are two different types of massages.
At Best Foot, they kick your butt and grind into your muscles to the point that you're close to screaming like a madman.
You don't hear snoring at Best Foot, you hear moaning and groaning.
That's moaning and groaning from the massages by the way.
At Bali's, their massages is more relaxing and soothing to the point you hear more snoring over groaning.
For now, I'm not favoring one over the other.
If I need a deep massage, then it's Best Foot for me.
If I'm looking for a more relaxed massage, then it's Bali's.
PS: The only thing keeping me from giving Bali Foot 5 Stars is all the unnecessary noise throughout this place.
I also realized later that Terri R wasn't the Duchess of Snore, it was someone else in another room.
Again, wish they had some walls to block out some of the noise.
Deli with a burger atmosphere, if that makes any sense.
Located in the heart of what I call "Restaurant Row" on Eastern Ave.
This places doesn't disappoint.
I was very satisfied to say the least.
Originally was going to get some grub at BJ's, which is located in the same parking lot.
But a co-worker suggested this place and swears by it.
The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the decor.
Kind of cheesy with the "try hard" beach theme.
Almost reminded me of someone having a beach theme house party.
The second thing I noticed was the huge menu on the wall and multiple flat panel TV's.
Staff was great and if you don't know what to get, they'll suggest something for you.
Just let them know it's your first time.
I got the Drakster, which is basically a Turkey Melt.
But there was nothing basic about this sandwich.
About 10 oz of sliced turkey and melted cheese all in a grilled piece of bread.
Sandwich was huge and worth the $10.
I'm a dipper and had to cut the sandwich in a couple of pieces just so I can dip it.
Your sandwich is also brought to your table in a frisbee used as a plate.
I actually thought the frisbee was a giveaway just like those old school happy meals.
You know, the meals that came inside those plastic boats.
Who doesn't remember that.
Back to the sandwich, the best.
My only issue is that the booths are a bit tight.
Your table is a surf board, which is small for a table top.
You'll find yourself bumping knees with whoever you're eating with.
Might be a good thing depending who your company is.
TIP 1:  It's probably a crime to add any condiments since the sandwiches are good as is.
But if you need any, ask them in advance.
That goes for any silverware too.
This place doesn't have a separate place for this.
TIP 2:  Portions are big.
Yes, this place doesn't skimp.
Order a regular if you're use to a foot long Subway Sandwhich.
If you're a hungry man like me, order their large.
TIP 3:  Open mic on the weekends??
Friend suggested I come back on the weekends to do my best American Idol impression.
Yeah right, but will come back to enjoy.
Definitely will be back.
I'm in this area a lot and can't wait to try different sandwich.
I don't check in to this Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf that often, but I am here A LOT.
My first destination in the airport immediately after getting frisked by TSA is right here at the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.
The line is a lot shorter than Starbucks, especially in the AM.
That's the main reason why I choose to come here over SB.
I'm not saying that there's no line.
I'm just stating that the line is about 73.265% shorter than the Starbucks round the corner.
I usually keep it simple with just an Americano either cold or hot.
The drink menu is consistent with their other locations.
You will still be able to find your favorite CB&TL drink here.
However, the food is very limited and their croissants sell out quick.
2017 Yelp Review #93
Restuarant is clean and next to a Five Guys (Craig/Losee).
Came out here and had to make the decision...Burger or Sushi?
I chose the sushi and ended up regretting it.
The rolls were not fresh, loose, and basically tasted like cardboard.
Maybe their other items are good, but not coming back to find out.
Btw, service was just average.
Just opened this year and maybe they'll get better.
With so many other sushi spots in Vegas, no reason for me too come back.
BINGO!!!
Bingo Package (Validated) = $27
Electronic Game Upgrade = $2
Electronic Game Surcharge = $2
Double Double / Dual Action (chance at the $10,000+ Coverall) = $2
Discount w/your Player Card = $5
Yelling "BINGO" as loud as possible after a win = Priceless

South Point's Bingo was ranked "Best Bingo in Las Vegas" from 2011 to 2014.
And you know what?....I totally agree.
I agree because the room is spacious, clean, the price is right, and there's always a chance that I'm yelling BINGO.
Last year on my birthday, I witnessed one person win over $10,000 and 3 people win at least $1,000.
By the way, I was one of those winners.
My girlfriend won on my birthday last year and again this year.
I'm not giving South Point's Bingo Room 5 Stars because I won.
I'm giving them 5 Stars because I'm comfortable playing here and a lot of people win here.
Everyone has their lucky place to play Bingo.
I found my lucky place here at The South Point Casino.
TIP #1:  $5 Discount w/your Player's Card.
TIP #2:  Get here at least 15 minutes before start time.
The line can get a little long.
TIP #3:  Two free drinks.
Don't worry, they don't count or track it.
TIP #4:  The Electronic Game is a lot easier than the paper.
TIP #5:  This is not non-smoking Bingo room.
2016 Yelp Review #17
Another local business found through Yelp.
My decision to come here was based on the distance from where I was currently at and the ratings through Yelp.
I had a watch that needed some cleaning and another that needed some adjusting.
Anthony's Watch & Jewelry Repair ended up being the perfect impromptu stop.
Anthony's is family owned and service is pretty good.
Watch cleaning, repairing, and adjustments all done while you wait.
You can also purchase a few pieces of jewelry here as well.
Regarding price, I thought that the initial watch polishing was a little high at $25.
However I had a ton of scratches and some polishing was needed.
They told me that my next visit should only cost around $10, which sounded a lot better.
As for my watch band adjustment, that was priced at $13.
Not sure if the price was good or bad because I use to get my watch adjustments done for free.
Since I lost that hook-up, I guess I will just have to settle for a place like Anthony's to take care of all my watch needs.
Overall, I feel that 4 stars is fair.
I was in and out in minutes.
I got one watch looking grand spanking new after it was cleaned and another adjusted just right so I can now sport my Father's Day present.
PS: They are known for repairing watches here.
The word from other customers is that they're second to none.
Hopefully, my watch never stops ticking.
If so, I'm sure Anthony's will be on my list of possible watch fixer-uppers
I usually fly Southwest and miss their convenience.
But sometimes I don't get a choice and end up flying United Airlines.
Pros:
-Spacious seating
-Assigned seating
-DIRECTV 
-Outlets under your seats.
You can charge your phone or keep you laptop fired up while you fly.
Cons:
-Most don't have wifi.
Tough to get caught up on reviews without wifi
-My luck, always delayed
-DIRECTV isn't free.
-Meals aren't free like they were in the 80's and 90's.
-Check In and Ticketing:  Regardless where I'm flying from, this takes forever.
-Bags don't fly free

Every flight experience is different.
I've had good ones and bad ones with long delays.
My last trip was another delay, but somehow United made up for it by getting me to my final destination 40 minutes early.
The cons was enough to give United only 3 Stars.
I bumped it up because I made it home safe.
Conversation with my pilot on every trip:
Pilot:  Enjoy your day and thank you for flying United Airlines.
Me:  You have a good day too.
Thank you for landing.
I just added Trader Joe's to my weekly list of errands.
I love this place!!!
What's there to love about Trader Joe's?
At TJ's, it's all about clean eating at a good price.
TJ's is like my personal nutritionist.
I love that.
This location is not close to me, but it is convenient to one of my gyms.
So, don't be surprise if you see me here from time to time.
Do I hear Duke in the future??
My usual purchases here;
-Almond Butter
-Peanut Butter
-Egg Whites
-Broccoli
-Spinach
-Chicken Breast (Cooked, Frozen, and Uncooked)
-Steaks
-Ezekiel Bread
-Turkey Patties

Until recently, I could never understand what the big deal was about TJ's.
Now that I've been here on multiple visits, I can see why.
Everyone else seems to think the same thing.
Yes, this place gets super busy.
But the food is cheap and healthier than most.
Whenever I want that bucket of fried chicken, tator tots, and a huge bag of Doritos, I know that I won't find it here.
That's a good thing.
Trader Joe's is keeping me in check.
You can say Trader Joe's is myfitnesspal.
I need to do a better job Yelping.
Specifically, I need to do a better job reading my Yelp friend's reviews.
If I read their reviews, then I would have learned months ago that this Century Theater in Santa Fe Station went through some major updates.
This Century upgraded to reserved seating, reclining seats, and improved digital surround sound.
The fact that we can reserve our seats is a huge plus.
This means that we no longer have to get here super early to get great seats.
That's really all I had to say.
The End.
Review Done.
2017 Yelp Review #48.
Before I officially settled in to Las Vegas, I was trying to make a decision whether to buy a house or high rise.
At the time, One Las Vegas was in my price range along with some other high rises.
Coincidentally, Temporary Housing put me in these high rise condos while I search and look for housing.
Sweet....I get the ultimate test drive.
My experience...love this place.
This is what I loved about this place.
-Convenient location to the strip, food, airport, and freeway.
-Concierge: Nice to have.
They can screen your visits..ha ha.
-Parking is gated and in assigned parking structure
-Security:  Always patrolling.
What I liked the most is that they looked out for their tenants.
If I didn't want someone visiting, I would just let them know.
-2 level gym
-Club House (pool tables, lounge, TV's, and even a small movie theater
-Pool and Spa
-Great views
-Central mail center
-Own storage room
-Trash compactor.
My shoot was located right across my unit.
Only had to walk a couple of steps off my door to dump trash.
-Full service dry cleaning
-Maid service (if requested)

I didn't end up going after this place for purchase due to 2 reasons
-High HOA's.
I think my HOA's was almost double what my actual mortgage would be.
-Units started gettting rented out.
My last 2 weeks here, the place got crowded.
There were a few times, my parking spot was taken (security took care of the issues).
Overall, I gave this place 4 stars because of everything you get.
The whole time I stay here, I only had one issue.
That issue was my AC not working for 2 days in the middle of June.
Maintenance took care of everything.
Congrats to Big 5 Sporting Goods!!!
After all these years, Big 5 Sporting Goods is still around and managing to stay in business.
The sporting goods business is tough.
Just ask Sports Authority and Sports Chalet.
Big 5 used to be the only sporting goods business around.
And guess what?, they are still one of the only sporting goods stores that's still around today.
Shoes, sporting equipment, sport accessories, and Under Armour clothing can all be found at Big 5.
Big 5 has a great selection of hike pants, shoes, and shorts at almost half the cost of most retailers.
Big 5 is also great for a beginner or novice of a specific sport.
They have a lot of what I call "starter equipment".
Are you just learning how to play golf?
They have very affordable clubs and sets here.
How about tennis?
Yup, a bunch of starter rackets here too.
They may not have the best brands in town, but they do have some of the best prices.
I'm glad to see that Big 5 is still going strong.
Good Luck!!
The first time I dined at one of the Mastro's was over 5 years ago in SoCal.
I was with co-workers celebrating a huge case and were told to expense our entire meal.
My first experience was over-the-top due to the amount of money that was spent for dinner, desserts, beers, and alcohol.
I never had the chance to try Las Vegas' Mastro's until recently.
We were celebrating Valentine's Day a couple of days before the actual day to avoid the crowds.
We arrived about 10 minutes before our reservation and was immediately seated.
Service throughout our entire dinner was as good as expected from a place like Mastro's.
We were served bread pretty much as soon as we sat.
The entire bread basket was very good.
The bread basket consist of a dinner bread, garlic bread, and pretzel bread.
The basket had two of each, which is perfect if you're sharing with just one other person.
I ordered the 8 oz.
filet and it was marvelous.
It's so lean, tender, and enough to keep me satisfied for a few hours.
We also shared the twice baked potato and this was a beast.
It's huge and a half serving is equivalent to most restaurant's full sized potato.
The highlight of the evening had to be dessert.
I have steak all the time and have to admit that I was looking forward to their Signature Warm Butter Cake the whole evening.
The dessert is really simple....just a butter cake, ice cream, strawberry drizzle, and heavy whipped cream.
Every part of this dessert was amazing.
Trust me, the Signature Warm Butter Cake is worth the trip to Mastro's.
In the last couple of weeks, I've been a movie watching madman.
Prior to that, I was averaging just one film every other month.
Heck, I don't even have movie channels at home and just recently bought a DVD player.
But I love movies and found it a great alternative to eating late on a weekend night.
Upon walking in, I noticed right away that their food/concessions is different than most.
Food, snacks, and drinks are set up cafeteria style with most foods ready under heat lamps.
This eliminates the long lines, potentially slow popcorn/soda artist, and that linger movie goer (i.e.
that person that can't make up their mind when they're in line).
I'm the one that's purchasing just a bottle of water behind someone ordering 4 popcorn's, 4 sodas, 4 Junior Mints, and a pretzel.
At this theater, I no longer have to wait behind these peeps and I could head straight to the register.
Regarding the main reason for this review, the theater is clean and the seats are comfortable.
This theater has great sound, picture quality, and doesn't seem to get too busy.
Suncoast also features independent films and oldies but goodies (i.e.
Top Gun, Ghost Busters, etc).
They are just missing the reclining seats.
But come to think of it, everyone else is missing those comfortable seats too.
Yes, Galaxy in Green Valley has spoiled me.
But I will be back.
PS:  Located inside a casino, which means that you will have to walk through smoke.
But once you're inside the theater, you can get some fresh, popcorn filled, air.
I admit it, The Halal Guys in Las Vegas doesn't even come close to the original location in New York City.
The hype is real, just not here.
What I love about the NYC location is the portion size, taste, and price.
The chicken and rice is a bit dryer here, bowls are smaller, and the price is a little more.
All that being said, I'm still giving this Halal Guys 4 stars.
I almost have to since I'm here at least twice a month.
How can I honestly say that it's just okay and continue to get my Halal fix?
I no longer get their Chicken & Rice, though.
I just come for the chicken and a lot of it.
Couple of Tips..
-Service is always great
-Parking can be a nightmare
-The Falafel is great when it's fresh.
Hard as nails when it's not.
-Protein only bowls range from $3 to $14.
I get the same bowl every time and charged a different amount almost every time.
-The White Sauce is still the bomb.
-I welcome other restaurants from the East Coast to open in Las Vegas.
The more the merrier.
One thing about Las Vegas, there's a park everywhere.
This park is fairly close to home and lately I've been taking advantage of it.
Because the park is fairly new, everything seems to be in good shape.
I've used this park to walk, attempt to jog, and even used the picnic area to get some office/laptop work done.
This park has multiple soccer fields and when it's not being used it would serve as a great place to play catch with the kids or yourself.
I'm not going to judge.
Couple of other things to point out.
-At night this place can get a little shady.
-Named Tropical Breeze, but during the summer this place is far from it, especially when the wind hits and the smell of the pig farm surrounds the air.
PU!!!
-I don't know what the actual hours are, but I have been here as early as 5 AM and late as 11 PM.
Busy, busy, busy....
Located off Tropicana/Decatur, is one busy and crowded gym.
For a 24 Hour Fitness, it's an average sized gym.
Compared to LVAC, it's actually tiny.
Recently met up with Chad S (Duke of this 24 Hour Fitness) and Terri R. for a weeknight workout.
One thing about all three of us, we don't actually workout together.
We check in, separate to do our own thing, and then meet up later.
That's how it should be.
No socializing, no chit chat...get your workout in and get out.
As I mentioned earlier, this gym is crowded.
I even had to park somewhat far.
This may be due to the fact it was Tuesday and around 7 PM.
Can also be due to the fact that it's fairly close to the strip.
Because it's crowded, you'll have to spot your next piece of equipment ahead of time.
Once it opens up, rush to it and own it.
As for the equipment, I found everything in good working order.
My only issue is that the dumbbells only went up to 125 lbs.
For those heavy lift days, sometimes more is needed to really breakdown the muscle.
As for the ambiance of the gym, I got a pretty good vibe here.
Even though it was crowded, in this gym people were simply getting through their workouts which caused me to get through mine.
I had one of those intense workouts this evening and if it takes a crowded gym to get motivated, then that's where I'll go.
This gym is equipped with the same amenities that the other 24's have like locker rooms, pool, basketball courts, free-weights, cardio (upstairs), and machines.
This wasn't my first time at this gym and definitely will not be my last.
Whether it's meeting some friends for a workout or just trying to switch it up, I'm sure I'll be back.
Besides, might as well take advantage of what my membership has to offer which is access to all 24 Hour gyms.
Short Review: 
We have everything in Las Vegas when it comes to food.
A couple of years ago, a ton of sushi restaurants were opening like it was going out style.
"Hot and New" donut places, poke bowl spots, burger joints, coffee shops, and BBQ restaurants can be found are all over Sin City.
We are definitely spoiled and the food competition here is fierce.
With all the different BBQ restaurants out here, it's very tough to determine who is best.
But when it comes to a really good brisket and tri-tip, Big B's has to rank up there.
Not So Short Review: 
Bookmark Checked!!
What the heck took me so long to eat at Big B's?
I remember reading Michael K's review about their brisket and immediately bookmarked Big B's.
This was over a year ago.
I finally got the opportunity try Big B's a couple of days ago and came back again today.
I was disappointed and impressed at the same time.
I was disappointed in myself for not coming here sooner and impressed with the food.
Michael K. was right about the brisket.
Big B's brisket deserves all the praise that it gets.
You get the option of lean or moist brisket.
The lean brisket is good and I didn't find it to be dry like other Yelpers have stated.
The brisket is so tender that I had to eat it with a spoon.
Their moist brisket is perfection if you prefer a fattier piece of meat.
If you're one of those Yelpers that thought the brisket was too dry, then get the moist brisket next time.
Another highlight for me is their Tri Tip and Beef Link.
You really can't go wrong with any of these choices.
I have tried most of their sides as well.
My favorite is their creamed corn and BBQ beans.
I'll take my brisket or tri-tip and dip it into the BBQ beans.
Oh my goodness, it's good.
The prices are fair.
You'll get more bang for your buck with their multiple meat combos.
The combos come with two sides and they definitely do not skimp on the meat.
The restaurant is named after the owner Brian.
He's the Big B.
The service is great and the employees keep this place clean.
The restaurant is also very spacious with picnic style benches all over the place.
Big B's is big enough to serve a large party and still quiet enough to enjoy your meal.
It took me so long to try Big B's because it's located so far from home.
Good news, though.
According to the owner, Big Brian is looking for a spot near our hood.
In my opinion, Big B's has some of best brisket and tri-tip in Las Vegas.
That's just my opinion.
Peace!!
2017 Yelp Review #78
After visiting the Imagines Exhibit Gallery, my daughter had this request for tiramisu.
Since I could never say no to her, tiramisu it is.
I didn't originally know where to go so I asked the people at the exhibit and they suggested that we come here.
Let's start with price.
I think you get a combination of Italy's prices, Venetian's prices, and the fact you're in a casino food court on the strip.
This means that everything on the menu cost a little more than you expect.
A 3 x 3 square of tiramisu cost over $5.
My daughter loved it and I had to see what all the hype was about.
I took one bite and it's not bad at all.
It's spongy and has that amaretto/coffee taste.
One thing I love about tiramisu is that cool and creamy texture once you get to the middle of your bite.
Yes, it's pretty good actually.
Only thing missing was one of their $5 coffee's to compliment it.
Woohoo!!
As good as it gets!!
Market Street Cafe is labeled as a Hawaiian Restaurant, but also offers a ton of other eats.
Let's just get it out of the way right now...OXTAIL SOUP!!
I have no clue why I am even reviewing it since almost every Yelper on here has given enough details on how good it is.
I just would hate to over-hype it for anyone.
Bottom line, you have to try their Oxtail Soup yourself.
My only wish is that it was serviced on a plate full of rice.
Market Street's portions are huge and the prices definitely cheap.
I recently had a full pound of their NY Steak Strip for about $12.
Not the best steak in the world, but good enough.
Back to their Oxtail, hooked up for sure.
Enough to serve the average two people.
But I always seem to kill it on my own.
Couple of Tips:
-Oxtail is only served after 11 PM.
This could have changed by now, but I never take the risk and just make sure I'm in after 11 PM.
-The line is long, but not as long as it looks.
If you're a single or party of 2, doesn't take long at all.
If you're a party of 4+, can take at least 15 minutes.
Also there's no wait if you're sitting at the kitchen bar.
-Daily Specials: Review their board for their daily specials.
Believe me, some great deals there.
1/2 lb NY Steak for $5.99 is a steal!!
Peru Chicken - Las Vegas, NV

Peru Chicken is not just good, their rotisserie chicken is really, really good.
Peru Chicken might just be my favorite place for rotisserie chicken in Las Vegas.
Each chicken meal comes with a side, but ordering a la carte is an option too.
Price for a half chicken is only $6 and it's more than enough food to keep me happy for a few hours.
The chicken is seasoned to perfection, very tasty, big on meat, and simply delicious.
I have also tried other items on their menu, including their sautéed beef and even a side of hotdogs.
You can't go wrong with those dishes too.
But if you ask me, it's all about their chicken.
The restaurant is located off Sahara and can easily be missed if you're not specifically looking for it.
There's one TV and it's usually set on ESPN Deportes.
The restaurant is small and the staff is as nice as can be.
Bottom line...you get a lot of good food for your money at Peru Chicken.
I highly recommend this place for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Conveniently located in the same parking lot as 24hr Fitness.
This Teriyaki Madness is perfect for your post workout meal.
If you're at the gym and dreading that PWO shake, then this TMAD is perfect for you.
Besides, whole foods is a lot better than shakes anyway.
Trust me, whole foods will bring density to your muscles.
Like all other TMAD's, this one has everything chicken breast.
Even their katsu is made out of chicken breast, not minced chicken.
Their teriyaki chicken is flavorful, but I usually opt for their chicken breast by itself, with vegetables, or with brown rice.
My most recent visit was with Terri Elite and we shared a chicken breast w/veggies.
The meal was filling and because we didn't have the sauce, it was plain.
But remember, we chose to eat it that way.
Want flavor?
Have their chicken with the sauce.
I also had the benefit of talking to the owner, Dean, a couple of weeks ago.
He's very professional, cares about his business, and most importantly, his customers.
I'm a fan of TMAD's and each location has it's perks.
When it comes to taste and service, I still think the location off Craig Road is the best.
When it comes to size of the restaurant, the Centennial location wins.
When it comes to convenience from one of my gyms, this one takes it.
My only issue is that this TMAD is one of their smaller restaurants.
It's a good thing that they weren't too busy when we ate here.
They were also out or didn't have broccoli in stock.
TIP's:  
-Gym goers get a discount.
I keep forgetting this.
But still think that the cashiers should ask us, especially when it's obvious that we just came from the gym.
-Order ahead if you're in a rush or if you are requesting brown rice.
-This place also serves salmon
Herbs & Rye was one of those late dinners with Terri R that was on a whim.
Herbs & Rye looks like a pub on the outside, even has that feel when you walk in.
All I know is that it was a very long day, I was starving, and anything that was food would have hit the spot.
In other words, I didn't expect much coming in.
Maybe a good thing that I didn't expect much because I was actually surprised by the menu.
I expected nothing but fried dishes or meals with zero sustenance.
What I found was a menu ranging from apps to steaks.
Prices are not pub prices though.
Price here is what you are to expect at a steakhouse.
A ton of really tempting items on this menu like Filet Mignon and Lobster, Burgers, and other steak options.
With all the recent talk about White Castle here in Vegas for the last couple of days (compliments of the Foodie Fest), I decided on their sliders.
The presentation of these sliders is probably the best I've seen in awhile.
It at least kicks White Castle's butt.
I thought that the sliders were pretty good, but just a little rich.
We also got their fully loaded calamari.
To me, I thought it was one big workout killing mess.
It had a ton of what appears to be mayo, bacon, and some other add ons.
Both Terri and I, scraped off this mess and ate some calamari the way it should be eaten.
As for the ambiance, you can say that you get two types.
When you walk in, you have the bar to the right where all the action is.
It's louder, brighter, and this is where everyone else is eating.
Then you got the quiet side where it's dimmer, quiet, and barely where anyone is dining.
Normally, I'm good with either side.
But on this night, the dining was a little too tight on the bar side.
So, we ate where it was quieter and darker.
Since it was also late, keeping ourselves from falling asleep was a challenge in itself.
My other concern is that we would be forgotten and our orders never taken.
This wasn't an issue at Herbs & Rye.
Regardless which side you choose to eat, service seems to be right on.
Overall, Herbs & Rye is a decent place to meet with friends, grab a drink, and some dinner.
I'm not a huge fan of pubs in general, but I still have my favorites.
Herbs and Rye can easily be one of them.
PS:  I don't drink, but there's a some great Happy Hour specials here.
For all you HH dudes and gals, give this place a try.
Sliders:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=hsoYlp9buT_qd3CKSPNLcg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Calamari (Fully Loaded):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=oTvwbAcO-gfxqfjK8Vot7g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Bread:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=wZ9FjsP6w30y6bUVLvBrtA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

You Know It!
:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ll-CTLfvRCBFiNe7aWxfrA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
One of the best tapas restuarants I've been to.
My second favorite is the Firefly in Summerlin.
I like the overall ambience here.
Everyone mingling and everyone having a good time.
This place can bring you at ease.
You almost feel like you're in a club in this location.
This location get's pretty busy compared to the Summerlin location.
So, expect a lot of people, but don't expect to wait.
I've never had to wait to be seated at this place.
Whether you're visiting or local, you have to try Firefly at least once.
This a great place to hang out with friends, take a date or significant other, mistress, and even some co-workers to relieve some work related stress.
But I wouldn't suggest this place if you're taking the family out or if you're by yourself.
I've been to this location about 4 times and the Summerlin location 2 times.
Almost everytime, there's a group or single person not handling their liquor well.
My Suggestions:
Artichoke Toast
Mac N Cheese
The Skewers: Forgot the name but has shrimp, filet mignon, and some pork
Fried Calamari:  Not uncommon for us to order extra
Chicken Skewers
Petite Filet
Stuff Mushrooms

All the portions are small and very inexpensive.
You can come out of here spending very little.
The drinks will cost you more than the food.
The experience...priceless.
Cathedral Rock Rocks!!
Cat Rock is one my favorite hikes in the Spring Mountain National Recreation Area.
The distance is a short 1.5 miles and it takes us about 33 1/2 minutes to hike to the top.
Before you even start your hike, I recommend looking up at Cathedral Rock from the parking lot.
Cathedral Rock looks so high up, so far away, and almost impossible to hike.
Don't let that discourage you.
It's easier than it looks.
This hike is labeled moderate to strenuous, but it's not as tough as Trail Canyon Trail.
It's also a lot shorter and the hills are not as steep.
The switchbacks near the top also make the hike a lot easier to bear.
Speaking of bear, you won't find any here.
You will find Bambi every once in a while, especially in the early mornings.
Back to the hike....The views from the overlook is amazing.
Your views include Kyle Canyon, Trail Canyon Trail's peak, The Lodge, and even the roads leading here.
Trust me...it's beautiful at the top.
2017 Hike Review #3 / 2017 Yelp Review #39
I avoided this Starbucks for the longest time because of their long lines, both inside and at the drive thru.
I was also told that this Starbucks is one of the busiest locations in Las Vegas outside of the strip.
I started coming back to this Starbuck after downloading their app.
It's simple...place my order online, pay through my app, walk in, and grab my Americano.
Done!
Finito!
I don't have to wait in their long lines anymore.
Thank goodness for technology.
Starbucks is really consistent with their Americano and that's my go-to drink.
The service is great and their baristas are well trained at handling the volume of people here.
Another thing to add, this Starbucks is spacious and very clean.
There's plenty of seating and enough outlets.
Starbucks is great for keeping me charged up.
TIP #1:  tsp is right next door.
TIP #2:  Blaze Pizza is right across the street
TIP #3:  Greens & Protein in the same parking lot

2017 Yelp Review #123.
Another couple of hundred to go.
Sent from my iPhone
Hate to admit....been here about 12 times in the last two years.
Guess when?
?...you're right, when friends and relatives come visit.
Everyone wants to see Chumlee.
It's the Old Man that I have yet to have seen.
Read the reviews and you'll notice something in common.
Pre 2011, you see the cast and crew every once in awhile.
Now, it's like spotting Big Foot.
My opinion, this place is a trap.
A tourist trap.
Usually during the weekdays, it's free.
But expect to pay a few dollars when it's busy.
Lines can be intimidating, but really goes by quick.
There's really no reason to be here longer than 15 minutes unless you're buying, pawning, selling, or hustling.
But if you haven't been here, you should try it at least once.
It is pretty cool to see the items that they bought on TV.
Especially cool to see how much they jacked up the prices.
I use to see the crew all the time, but now they have made it, good luck.
TIP:  you know one of the main members are there just by checking out the first couple of parking spots.
If you see the nice black luxury cars, most likely they're in.
Located in Boca Park, we had a late dinner here on a Friday night.
Main reason for us coming here...I was hungry and wanted something that I was low on calories, higher on protein, and close to where we were currently at.
Plus, the food at Cheesecake Factory is as consistent as it gets.
Yes, I said lower on calories and The Cheesecake Factory has a special menu for this.
Drumroll...their SkinnyLicious menu.
In the last 4 months, I've been to a Cheesecake Factory about 5 times.
Every single time, my meal of choice comes from their healthier options.
This menu has a range from chicken breast, steak, tacos, some fish, and turkey.
Of course, there's a bunch of salad options, but I don't do salads.
I tried their White Chicken Chili with Brown Rice.
I was surprised that my meal was less than 500 calories.
It was damn good.
It's basically a lighter chili sauce, some brown rice mixed in, and a whole lot of chicken breast pieces.
Loved it!
As for the service, it didn't start off too well.
It was a Friday night and we got seated right away.
But it took forever for our server to come and take our order.
I had to give the eye to one of the employees walking by just to get service.
Within 5 minutes, service is what we got.
By the way, service was great from then on.
Overall, I'm still giving Cheesecake Factory 4 stars because of their SkinnyLicious Menu and familiar dishes.
PS:  Hard to say no to the bread basket.
Their brown bread is phenomenal.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (474/500)
Previously Kan Sushi, Umiya is a new sushi joint out here that's actually close to the strip.
This was Chad S's UYE and I couldn't resist the combination of meeting new Yelpers and eating sushi.
When it comes to this place, it's all about AYCE.
I'm one of those guys that can eat a ton, so AYCE is never a bad choice.
As for the food, I got so much of it that it's tough for me to remember, but I'll try.
-Yellowtail and Tuna Nigiri:  Small, but since it's AYCE it wasn't an issue.
Tasty, fresh, and the texture was just right.
Believe me, I've had some stale dry nigiri before.
My favorite Yellowtail is still at Kaizen off Paradise.
-Katsu Chicken:  Not bad, just a little greasy.
Still fresh and crunchy.
Tasted perfect with their chicken fried rice.
-Chicken Fried Rice:  Thick pieces of chicken mixed with their fried rice.
If it's not sushi to come here for, then it's their fried rice.
-Ramen (miso):  Just okay, but it's also one of my first ramens.
Not much to compare against.
I didn't think it was bad, but others have stated that Chinatown has better.
-Tempura Shrimp Hand Roll:  I use to be a western roll type of person.
Now it's all about Nigiri, Shashimi, and Hand Rolls.
Still got a yum yum type hand roll and it didn't disappoint.
Again, small but it's ACYE.
-Tempura Ice Cream:  Not a dessert person, but couldn't resist on this visit.
This was pretty good too.
Service wasn't bad considering that our group was fairly big.
Between all the food request from other Yelpers, the fact it was Friday night, and because this location was close to the strip..I felt that the service was decent.
Overall, I will be back.
There's a ton of other sushi joints out here in Vegas.
But this one is little closer to the strip, which makes it a good stop when out of town friends/family are in the sushi mood.
Thanks to Chad S. for setting this up.
Got to meet some Yelp friends that I've never met in person.
Also was able to hang out with some Yelpers that still are the coolest peeps around.
New Yelper Alicia R (Terri R's twin) was in attendance.
She ended up being my run/walk buddy for the next day's Color Run 5K.
Good thing because I thought I would be the only walker at this event.
Had lunch with some friends.
One thing I noticed about my food choices lately is that I tend to eat something from a restaurant that they do not specialize in.
I recently gone to seafood restaurants and got a steak.
Cheeseburger joints and got chicken.
Even a Mexican restaurant and got a hamburger.
And now a pizza place and ended up getting a salmon fillet with their lobster bisque.
I have to say, not too many places can mess up salmon.
This place was no different.
The salmon was made just right, grilled, tasty, and flaky.
The waitress was extra helpful too.
I originally requested for 2 fillets because one is never enough for me.
She told me to just order one and she'll find the largest piece for me.
I guess she knew that I needed at least 8 oz to be satisfied.
I got about 8 oz like she promised.
12 oz would have been perfect though.
But beggars can't be choosers.
My group was a bit rowdy for lunch.
I'm glad that there wasn't too many kids around because we went overboard a couple of time.
Our waitress was very helpful and what I liked the most, she never interrupted our conversation.
When it came to the bill, each of us handed separate cards.
Without even asking, the waitress split the bills for us.
I never got our waitress's name, but she was great.
It's not easily dealing with a rowdy group like us.
Tons of eats in this shopping center.
For lunch time, wasn't busy at all.
Next time I come in, I promise to get a pizza.
Dear AMC Rainbow Promenade,
   1990 just called.
They want their movie theater back.
Yup...if you've been here, then you know that this movie theater can use a make over.
I bet back in the day, this was one of the busiest, biggest, and happening movie theaters around.
With all the new theaters with reclining chairs, superior surround sound, and huge screens, it's easy for this theater to lack a little love.
Heck, when was the last time you've seen an AMC 10?
Aren't they usually AMC 20 or even 30's.
But you gotta love theaters like this.
First of all, there's always a deal here and the employees are always great.
And second, this place isn't busy.
Don't get me wrong.
I love to be pampered with the huge screens, plush seating, and dynamic audio effects.
But if you're out to just watch a movie, it's the flick and your company that makes an okay experience a great one.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (045/366)
Centennial Hills Library is my favorite library in Las Vegas.
Maybe I'm biased since it's closer to home, but it's a nice getaway from my office or home.
Like all other libraries, this one is quiet but they do allow a little chit chat, which is a huge plus for me.
I rarely check out any books, but I do read some of the magazines when I need a break from working in my computer.
This library is a decent size, quiet, and parking is a breeze.
I love the large tables with the built in outlets for all my gadgets.
Wifi is also free here, which is a bonus if you do not have your own hot spot.
Overall, I'm a huge fan of this library and foresee more visits in the future.
Las Vegas has a ton of places to get boba.
In my opinion, Kung Fu Tea is just another one of those places.
The place is small, it can get congested, and the register is located just a few feet from the door.
What does all this mean?
Well, if you are undecided on what to get and there's people beginning to crowd behind you, then it can get overwhelming and you may end up just getting whatever.
However, I don't care about the people behind me and I really don't have a problem taking my time.
But I admit...I was overwhelmed with their menu and the different options.
You can get your boba with ice, no ice, with slush, and warm.
You can also have it sweet, not sweet, slightly sweet, super sweet, or with no changes at all.
I ordered the Red Wow Milk, which had boba and red bean in it.
Be prepared to know your options when it's time to order because my cashier in her robotic ways asked me all of them.
Do you want it sweeten?
Do you want it warm?
Do you want ice?
Okay, how much ice?
Really?
At this point, I just wanted my milk tea.
I ended up pointing at the picture and said "just give me exactly what the picture looks like".
My goodness...this was the hardest boba order I ever had to make.
Once you get passed ordering and paying, you'll finally get your drink.
My Red Wow Milk Tea was good and the boba was cooked just right.
I thought that the red bean gave my drink more texture and flavor.
Yup...I'm a fan of red bean.
My only complaint is that most of my drink had big pieces of ice in it which also means I got very little milk tea.
Just 3 or 4 slurps and my drink was done, deMelished, finito.
I guess this is what I get for failing to tell them exactly how I wanted my drink.
Oh well, lesson learned.
Overall, I don't see myself going out of my way for boba or milk tea here.
I admit, the Red Wow Milk Tea was pretty good and if I am right in their parking lot craving some boba, I would come back.
However, their Red Wow Milk Tea didn't wow me when it came to portions.
A lot of taste and very little drink equals 3 stars from me.
Came here for dinner recently and what you'll find here is your basic Hawaiian dishes.
Kauai Cafe is located off Tropicana and Hualapai (the Westside).
Upon reviewing the menu, the one thing I noticed is their prices.
Price here isn't too bad.
Dinner for two will set you back only about $20, which is not bad in my opinion.
The selection is decent and it's pretty much what you'll find at other Hawaiian location.
However, the one issue with Hawaiian food out here is that there's a ton of them and I have my favorites already.
So let's get to the review.
As for their food, I got their Loco Moco since it's one of my favorite dishes.
Plus, I wanted something with a huge protein count.
In case you're not in the know, a Loco Moco consist of rice, hamburger, eggs, and gravy.
KC mixes their gravy with mushrooms, which was a good touch to be different.
Seems boring, but I have one word for this order...delicious.
This order filled me up, but I wasn't done.
I always get a Spam Masubi or Katsu Masubi at least once when I hit up a new Hawaiian joint.
KC didn't have a Katsu Masubi, so a regular spam it is.
I was little disappointed with KC's spam masubi only because it was small, not as tightly wrapped, and the spam was a bit undercooked.
The restaurant is small, cozy, and the staff is extremely nice.
The owner's dad even stopped at our table to chit chat for a little bit.
Okay, a lot of bit.
But he's cool and just added to our dining experience.
I want to say that Kauai Cafe is just okay, but I really haven't tried anything else.
I still have their Kalbi to try (even though I stole a bite from TR), their Katsu, their Heineken battered chicken, and Ahi Ahi (can't remember if they have that one).
From the minimal amount of reviews so far, it's their Kahlua Pork that they are known for.
It's going to be tough for me to judge that one since I don't eat much pork.
I'll still make my way back to try the other dishes I missed.
Who knows?
Maybe my rating drops to 3 or goes up to a 5 based on my next couple of visits.
But as of right now, I'm just a fan.
Loco Moco:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=2yrhVS5ouE7MxvNx8gUIvQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

A must have if you're eating here:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Xiijz8zyiTaG76CdzGhOAg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Took me 5 different visits to finally check this place out.
Attempt #1:  With my daughter the day after grand opening.
Daughter chickened out.
Attempt #2:  My teenager and I came back 4 days later.
She found out that Justin Bieber was here for the grand opening.
That inspired her to give it another try.
We arrived and she again chickened out because they told us that the sounds and characters were realistic.
Attempt #3:  Homeboy was in town and was down for this.
But too much drinking earlier in the day got him too sick.
We were concerned that he'd lose it and create his own Goretorium.
Attempt #4:  Yelp event that sounded cool.
I had to cancel because I had to head out of town for work.
Attempt 5:  Finally, I made it.
Was at PH with a friend to play poker and ended up here.
After all the attempts, I have to say it was just okay.
Maybe all the hype ruined it for me, but I didn't find it scary at all.
But it's not a haunted house that's meant to scare.
It's more of a gore exhibit created to gross you out.
As you walk in, you're always anticipating something that may pop out.
Yes, the blood, props, and gore all looked real.
Some areas are tight and in a way you can feel cramped or claustrophobic.
Overall, would say it was just okay and will probably come back just to see what the next theme is like.
What really brings the rating down is the price, which is about $50 for two.
If it was cheaper, I'd probably rate them a little higher.
Rubio's are a dime a dozen in California, especially in San Diego where it originated from.
Lived there most of my life and I got sick of Rubio's.
Well, now I rediscovered them here.
I was recently in the area for something quick.
It was going either be Aloha's Kitchen, Thelma's, or Rubio's.
Aloha's Kitchen wasn't open, even though it was after 10 AM.
I wasn't in the mood for Flip food at Thelma's.
So, I settled for Rubio's.
I wasn't disappointed with my eats.
I ended up getting 4 Chicken Street Tacos and for good measure, an extra side of chopped chicken breast.
Let's start with the tacos, these were good.
I was a little disappointed with how small they are.
Real street tacos aren't even this small.
But at least they aren't as small as Nacho Daddy's street tacos.
Because they were small, 4 was needed.
It's cheap so I'm not complaining.
I was actually satisfied with my 4 chicken street tacos, but needed that additional protein so I got an side of extra chicken.
The chicken was a bit dry when you have nothing with it, but it's all about the macros at this point.
I tend to frequent chicken grills like T-Boy, Samurai Sam's, and TMAD lately.
But discovered that Rubio's sells chopped chicken breast on it's own too.
You know what that means, I'm adding them to my list fast food healthy eats.
Pro Tip:
-Best fish tacos for a fast food joint
-Their nachos with chicken, cheese, and sour cream is a must try
-Addicting Chipotle sauce here
-Their steak street tacos are my favorite
-Great service at this location.
Carson Kitchen....
Here are the bullet points....

-New Downtown bar and restaurant
-Open Kitchen 
-Small, cramped, and loud.
NOTE:  there's an upstairs patio soon to be open
-Great service with a big staff
-Reservations if your party is 6 or more
-Located next door to O Face Doughnuts
-Apps:  Portions are small and pricey
-The Food:  Portions are small and priced about right.
The gf and I came here on Friday night just about a week after they opened.
I thought that the service was great.
Our server gave us his recommendations, was very attentive, and he even gave us a quick tour.
As for the food, I enjoyed half of what I had.
I ordered their Wellington Empanada as an app and their Cocoa-Espresso NY Strip Steak as an entree.
The empanada was a little too greasy and pricey at $10 for two small pieces.
The steak cost $18 and I thought it was worth it.
It was delicious, sliced, and full of flavor.
My gf had their Bacon Jam as an app and their Black Rice & Oxtail Risotto.
I got a little taste and thought both were pretty good.
Again, wasn't a fan of the price of their Bacon Jam, but thought that the entree was just about right.
Overall, don't let my 3 star review fool you.
3 stars from me means that they are just "A-Ok".
In other words, I don't see myself rushing back any time soon.
I do recommend other Yelpers to give them a try.
TIP:  Tip regarding their Check-In...double check your receipt.
We were charged for our "Free" item.
They fixed the issue...just saying.
Met up with some of my favorites for lunch...Terri R, Suzy H, and the current Duchess of Fix8, Shirley B. 

Fix8 Fitness Cafe is located in Henderson off Horizon Ridge.
Their specialty...clean eats.
Your choices are healthy ones of course.
You can select off their menu, which include Steaks, Fish, Turkey, Chicken, and Salads.
This joint even has Loco Moco's.
There's multiple combos to choose from, but I decided to customize mine to a large order of steak (8 oz clean / no seasoning), mushrooms, and some greens.
The steak was prepared medium, was tender, and full of flavor even though it was clean.
The broccoli was also tender, if that even makes sense.
In my opinion, the prices are fair considering the portions and the staff here is great.
I will probably be back since I'm in the area every once in awhile.
My Wishlist:
-Although you can customize your order, the prices should be adjusted if you decide to take something off the combo.
I deleted the rice and instead of giving me the option to pay less, I was only given the option to substitute.
In fact, I paid an extra $1 because I chose broccoli.
I guess broccoli cost a full $1 more than rice.
-Add Bison and Ostrich to the menu



YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (419/500)
Short Review:
Bachi's new and healthier restaurant located on the southwest side of town.
Good for breakfast, brunch, and lunch.
If you know Bachi, then you know what to expect here...a good meal, great presentation, and with a higher than average price tag.
Longer Review:
I first heard of Bachi HLK after seeing Michael U's check in's.
One thing about Michael U is that he tries it all and he reviews it all.
After reading his reviews and reviewing his pictures, I knew I would be heading here soon.
We got here sooner, than later.
So, here's my review.
My Food:
-Ostrich Burger w/Swiss ($19.95):  I'm still on a quest to find a really good, tasty, and juicy ostrich burger.
There's some places out here that is "good enough" and Bachi's is a couple of steps above that.
If you ever had an ostrich burger before, then you know that they are usually a little dry and lacks some flavor.
The reason I get ostrich is because of the high protein count, low calories, and low fat.
It's like having a beef burger with the fat & calories equivalent to chicken.
Bachi got it right.
Their ostrich was juicy and packed with flavor.
You also get about 8 oz of meat.
For a minute, I thought I was eating red meat.
If I'm craving ostrich, then Bachi is the place that I will be going to.
This is one healthy burger that also comes with a healthy price tag.
It's $17.95 for this burger and if you want cheese, it's an additional $2.
-HLK Potatoes:  Nothing really special with this side.
This was basically just seasoned country potatoes.
-Almond Brioche French Toast:  You get four disc shaped French Toast dipped in coconut custard and topped with fruit.
I shared this with the gf and since I'm allergic to fruit, I took the two slices that didn't have any.
In other words, I just had a basic French Toast.
The French Toast was slightly grilled and somewhat still soft/creamy on the inside.
First bite was okay, each bite got better and better as you get to the middle.
Some people prefer a crispy French Toast, while others like a soggy one.
I like mine between the two and Bachi prepared theirs exactly like that.
I recommend this.
Service, Ambiance, and Price:  Service was great and as good as it gets.
There was no wait and our food was served quick.
Also, I don't think we went 5 minutes without someone checking up on us.
Little tip for Bachi...sometimes too much is not a good thing.
Sometimes we may need a little space to eat our food and enjoy our conversation.
The restaurant is still new, nice, clean, and a little small.
My only gripe about Bachi HLK is their price.
Most items on their menu look appealing, the items we had was fantastic, but the prices are a little high, in my opinion.
3 meals cost about $60 or $20 per meal.
I think this that this is a little high for breakfast, brunch, and even lunch.
Overall,  I'm a fan because I'm a fan of a good tasting Ostrich Burger.
Bachi has this and prepares theirs the way I like it.
I'm almost embarrassed to admit that I just found out that there's a Jun's in my neck of the woods.
For the last 2 years, the Jun's located off Eastern Avenue has been a meet up spot for me and one of my good friends.
She loves Jun's and if I knew there was one north, I'd have HER come up.
Probably doesn't matter anyway.
She has lived here for the past 10 years and driving 15 miles away is considered far.
For me coming from California, driving 30 minutes for dinner or to meet friends is normal.
Probably a moot point anyway because I would have to drive to see her anyway.
Well anyways, I've been a fan of Jun's since my first visit a couple of years ago.
This location is just as good.
But this time I changed it up, just a little.
My normal order at Jun's is their Grilled BBQ Chicken.
This restaurant gets it right every time and regardless of which Jun's I go to, it's still made the way I like it.
If you haven't tried their BBQ Chicken, you're missing out.
It's about 8 oz of the most tastiest chicken one could ever want.
I even double the order when I really am striving for more protein.
I also got their Chicken Katsu, which was just okay.
Jun's really hooks up the Katsu.
It's almost double in size compared against other Hawaiian/Japanese Restaurants.
Only issue, it was a bit bland.
Good presentation, but lacking taste in the chicken.
I found this ironic since their BBQ chicken is the bomb.
Overall, I'm just excited that I found this place.
I have to thank Yelp for this.
I was at a stoplight in Summerlin and wanted to know the distance to Jun's.
To my surprise, two locations showed up with this one towards home.
Tonight was just my first of many visits to come.
You looking for some good Korean Food, look no further.
Jun's is the way to go.
PS:  I think it's obvious from my reviews...I love me some Katsu.
Furniture shopping all day and finally decided to hit the westside for RC Willey.
RC Willey is good old faithful for me when it comes to furniture shopping.
Price, value, and customer service is what they key on.
My previous RC Willey visits were in Henderson.
This was a first for me.
As soon as I park, the first thing I noticed was the huge sidewalk sale and Girl Scout Cookies.
I haven't even walked and already thinking 5 stars just for the Tagalongs and Do Si Do cookies.
I was greeted by at least 4 employees and was offered assistance even before I got halfway down this place.
So far, I have to give them 5 stars for customer service alone.
I didn't find what I was looking for in the main showroom, but found exactly what I'm looking for in their clearance area.
Assistance came to me, he wrote me up, set up delivery, and I was off to the cashier.
Quick and painless furniture shopping as always at RC Willey.
RC Willey has decent quality furniture.
Obviously, the higher grade merch is also higher cost.
They also sell more than just furniture like electronics, exercise equipment, game room furniture, and grandfather clocks.
I spent a bit amount of time debating whether to get a grandfather clock.
Not too often that you see these in homes anymore.
As a kid, everyone had them.
Just brings memories and the prices for the grandfather clocks at RC are well in my budget.
Only problem, where would I put it?
My only gripe is their delivery schedule.
I made a purchase and it will not be available for delivery until 4 days later.
This happens to work out fine since I will be out of town anyway.
However, if I wasn't out of town, this would be an issue with me especially since they're local.
Centennial is coming up!!
Soon, there will be no reason to ever leave the Centennial area.
Moo Woo Korean BBQ is the first KBBQ that I know of in the area.
The good news...we no longer have to drive 25 minutes to Chinatown to get our KBBQ cravings taken care of.
Moo Woo KBBQ is new and right now, it's still almost a secret.
I drive by this location at least once a week and rarely do I see tons of cars outside or lines of people waiting.
This place just doesn't get enough hype or people out here just don't do KBBQ.
Regardless, they are missing out because Moo Woo is pretty damn good.
Here's a quick menu breakdown:
Moo Combo (All Pork) - Small $45 (2-3 people) / Large $75 (3-4 people)
Woo Combo (All Beef) - Small $53 (2-3 people) / Large $85 (3-4 people)  
Moo Woo Combo (Pork & Beef) - $140 (4-5 people)

All combos come with an App, a salad, steamed egg, choice of stew (tofu, Kimchi, or bean paste), and corn cheese.
You can also order your meats a la carte.
Just keep in mind that it will cost about the same as a combo since it's a two item minimum.
Chicken and fish is also on the menu in case you're wondering.
I'm not a huge pork lover, bored of chicken, and didn't come here for fish.
So, we ended up getting the Woo Combo.
You're given the option to cook the meats yourself or have one of the servers do it.
I'm all about relaxing and our server ended up doing all the work.
If I had to rank my favorites in order, it would be the Bulgogi, seasoned beef, and Kalbi.
All were cooked to perfection and had that taste of quality beef.
The only disappointment for me was the size of their corn cheese and steamed egg.
This came with our combo and is only enough to serve one person.
But it's really no big deal since we came for the meat, not the sides.
Overall, I recommend this restaurant if you're in the area and in need of some good KBBQ.
The quality is as good as Chinatown's minus the drive and long wait times.
2017 Yelp Review #56
The Las Vegas Convention Center is more than meets the eye.
Ha..now I sound like a Transformer.
I've been to LA's, Ohio's, San Diego's, and now Las Vegas' Convention Center.
All have their good and bad points.
I've been to the Las Vegas Convention Center about 6 times in the last 10 years.
I've been here for the CES, SEMA, Nightclub and Bar Expo, and the Gaming Expo.
One things for sure, who ever is putting these expos together sure knows how to make this place look different every time.
This convention center is a deceiving one.
From the outside, it just looks like a regular or even small convention center.
Once you're inside, you're awaken with madness regardless what the theme of the expo is.
This place is also huge and you wouldn't know it from the outside.
One thing that I like about this convention center compared to the others I've been to is the food selection and the hallway seating.
The Las Vegas Convention Center reminds me of an airport with seating along the walls and food courts in the middle.
This convention center even has a FedEx.
This is so convenient for travelers.
Like all other expos, you're walking out with a ton of freebies.
Who wants to lug these freebies on a plane?
Ship it via FedEx and save the hassle.
My only issue with this convention center is the outside set up.
Parking is really tough here most of the time.
Most people taxi, take the monorail from their hotel, or park across the street.
The parking in the center of the convention center is usually full and price can range from $10 to $20.
If you're going here via Taxi, good luck to you.
Coming in isn't hard, it's the leaving part that is a pain in the butt.
Plan on waiting a long time for your cab since the line usually wraps around.
Overall, I think like this convention center.
The craziness and madness really depends on what trade show or expo you're going to.
What to expect?
SEMA is tame, CES is crazy, and the Nighclub/Bar expo is right in the middle (i.e.
tamed craziness).
I've been to most of the 24's in Vegas.
Been to this location twice.
Pros:
Clean
Staff always been friendly
Super-Sport
I didn't find broken equipment
Quiet.
No problems with parking
A lot of cardio equipment

I didn't have good workouts here, but not blaming this gym.
Both times that I've come here, I was nursing a rotator cuff issue and a torn meniscus.
The intensity in those workouts were poor at best.
However, a kind woman helped me with a couple of last reps on the leg extension machine.
I guess it was obvious to her my knee was in pain.
She even massaged it and told me that her sons had the same issue.
She gave me a little tip, to put a bag of frozen peas on my knees when i get home.
That worked wonders, at least worked better than ice.
Originally thought she worked at the gym or was a trainer.
Later found out that she didn't.
Never got a chance to thank her or get her name.
If in the area, I will check out this gym again.
In-N-Out Burger - Las Vegas (215 & S. Eastern Ave.)

Majority of my reviews for In-N-Out are 4 stars.
It's tough to argue with the fact that In-N-Out is affordable and very, very consistent.
However, this location is not ideal for me.
The lines are always long in/out and the drive-thru may possibly be the worst in Vegas.
It's not In-N-Out's fault.
The parking lot at this In-N-Out is not set up to handle a long line of cars at the drive thru.
There is so many restaurants off Eastern Avenue.
There is so many other burger options out here too.
But the craving is real.
There is no resisting a couple of Flying Dutchman's or a Double Double (spread only & extra toast).
There is no resisting it.
The End!
I've been to Flemings probably a dozen times in San Diego and Rancho Cucamonga.
This is my first time to the Las Vegas location.
The set up, size, vibe, and service is as consistent as it gets, but that's not necessarily a good thing.
I'm fine with the service and ambiance for the most part.
My only issue is the noise.
Tough to enjoy your steak and company when all you hear is everyone's conversation.
Regardless, I still had a decent dinner with the gf here the other night.
As for my meal, I have never deviated from their 8 oz petite filet mignon.
Before dinner, I scoped out the menu and contemplated on something different.
But guess what?
I chose the petite filet again.
The steak was decently sized, but was a little disappointed on the overall taste.
I got my steak medium-well and thought it was too pink.
As for taste, I thought it was just "A-Ok".
For a pinkish steak, I thought it tasted burnt.
I don't know if it was Fleming's or if my taste in steaks have changed.
Price is about what you expect at a steakhouse.
However, I've had better steaks with the same price points.
Overall, will I be back?
I'm sure I will one day.
Maybe next time I'll try their lobster or seafood.
PS:  Their Mushrooms Ravioli is phenomenal.
Located inside Caesars, Java Coast is basically just a cafe that serves coffee, lattes, pastries, and gelato.
Yes, I said gelato.
I couldn't help myself and had a scoop of their Peanut Butter Gelato one evening.
I thought that this was a little sweet and pricey, but totally hit the spot when you're craving dessert.
In the morning, Java Coast was our breakfast of choice because it was comped.
I had a bagel and an iced Americano, while the GF had some chocolate pastry and a latte.
I guess we can't complain because we both finished our breakfast.
All their bagels, breads, donuts, and pastries are in a clear bin where basically serve yourself.
Although, there's tongs for you to grab your breakfast, this isn't the most sanitized way to get breakfast.
After paying for our breakfast, I noticed a few people grab their bagels, donuts, and pastries with their hands.
This place should at least have signs stating to use the tongs.
As for their prices, seemed like everything was over-priced.
I guess I shouldn't complaint since our meals were comped.
Overall, I found Java Coast as "Just A-Ok".
Fremont Experience!!
If there's a casino on Fremont that I prefer over others, it would definitely be the Golden Nugget.
This place has changed in the last couple of years.
I remember when I was only 14 years old walking her from the Excalibur.
Forward 20+ years later and I am still walking here, but from the Main Street Parking Log.
When I have friends come around from out of town, they always want to go to Fremont Street and this is where I take them.
When I think of Golden Nugget, I think of 4 different types of casinos.
1st:  You get the Fremont Experience side where it's mostly your table games and slots.
Your typical "Vegas Baby" crowd of course, but also a large amount of locals donating their paychecks.
2nd:  You get the lobby area, which has been remodeled.
Nice fish/shark tank bam!!
in your face.
3rd.
You get close to the family atmosphere near their cafe and pool.
4th:  You got upstairs where there's more eats and a lot quieter.
There was a time I came out here almost weekly because they had some of the juiciest poker games.
I'm not even talking high limit.
I'm small time for sure, but not uncommon to make some dough on the 2/4 game here.
Tons of action with tons of calling stations.
I know, I know.
I better be quiet and quit tapping the aquarium.
As for the atmosphere, I like it.
Never an issue with the staff from their restaurants to their bar to their poker room.
Golden Nugget will not set you back because everything here is fairly cheap, except the gambling obviously

My only issue is with their pool.
The fish tank is impressive, but not a fan of their pool being smack in your face when you walk their casino.
I'm still  a believer that you should be in the pool area to enjoy the pool area.
Why the 4 stars then??
I like their poker room.
One of the few places to play where you can make some money, not lose as much, and enjoy the players here.
I've met a lot of good people from different parts of the world here.
They don't take it so serious out here and also don't mind giving you their money.
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #8

We found ourselves at Fiesta Filipina for our 8th Halo-Halo taste test.
I can't believe that we just started this challenge last week and we are now only 2 contenders away from completing this challenge.
Terri and I met up with Ian A for this challenge.
We had some eats, but our primary reason for this stop was obvious...how is their Halo-Halo?
Fiesta Filipina has a regular Halo-Halo for $3.99 and their special for $4.99.
The only difference between the two is ube ice cream.
Since we are maximizing our craving, we decided on the special of course.
So, what's in this special Halo-Halo.
You get ube ice cream (two scoops), condensed milk, shave ice, nata de coco, macapuno, pinipig, azuki (red beans), white beans, and some legit ube.
This is our only 2nd stop that had real ube in it.
What's missing is the flan and lanka.
After mixing my Mix-Mix and sampling it, I already knew that Fiesta's Halo-Halo is ranking up there in my book.
The ice was just right, taste superb, and the mix was almost perfect.
I stress almost perfect because flan was the one missing ingredient that I was looking for.
By the way, you can order flan on the side (about $5) and add to it if flan is a must have in your Halo-Halo.
On a side note, I did have some food here too.
The ambiance of this restaurant reminds me of the Flip joints in SF, SoCal, and Daygo.
I loved it and felt at home.
But I wasn't too impressed with the food.
The food is cheap and for $5.29 you can get two Chicken BBQ Sticks with rice.
Sounded and looked appealing, but I'm no fan of rubbery chicken.
Overall, I am a fan of their Halo-Halo and see myself coming back just that.
Food...well, that's a different story.
PS:  One thing I learned during this quest for our favorite Halo-Halo in the valley is that real spoons (not the flimsy plastic ones) are ideal when mixing your Halo-Halo.
These plastic spoons work like catapults when you're mixing your Halo-Halo.
Last thing I want is an ube shot in the face.
Stay hungry, my friends.
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:
Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
Contender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:self
Contender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ
Contender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self
Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw
Contender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg
Contender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA
Mocha Joe's is a change of pace from you regular Starbucks.
To be honest, I was in the area looking for a Starbucks and found this place.
I wasn't disappointed and all I got was a regular cup of joe.
Nothing special with my cup of coffee, but at the same time didn't have to spend a grip to get it.
Looks like a ton of regulars here.
Service was pretty good as well.
Here are the Cliff Notes...

What's good about Cheffini's?
-Located in Container Park.
-It's quick
-Their hot dogs are pretty good.
I prefer the Beef Naked Dog with absolutely nothing on it.
It's suppose too be naked, right?
-Their sliders.
IMO, the best item at Cheffini's
-The Beef Empanadas
-The employees are awesome

What's bad about Cheffini's?
-The price: $5 for a "plain as can be" hot dog.
I expect to pay upwards of $5 for a plain hot dog at a movie theater or a football game, but not at Container Park.
They're dogs with all the fun stuff will set you back around $10.
-The beef empanadas are good, but they're tiny.
They're more like empanada bites.
3 Stars because Cheffini's Hot Dogs is A-Ok.
Garlic Ahi!!
Yes, their Garlic Ahi is the main reason I come here.
So good that I sometimes get two orders for myself.
The mini's portions are a bit small, so get the regular order if you decide on their Garlic Ahi.
I've also tried their Spam Masubi, Katsu, and Loco Moco.
You can't go wrong with their Katsu and Loco Moco.
Portions are huge.
Cheeseburger in PH probably has a bigger Loco Moco, but 808 is pretty close.
Must be at least a pound of ground beef in their Loco Moco's.
Service here is always great.
I noticed that everyone is greeted on the way in, on the way out, and even sometimes while you're eating.
Prices are just about the same with everyone else, but remember you get the larger portions here.
One thing I noticed is that food takes a little longer to cook here.
Add a couple of people in front of you and your order can feel like an eternity to come out.
Food is still worth the additional 10 minutes here and I definitely recommend.
If you're in the mood for Hawaiian, you can't go wrong here.
Only Issues:
-No brown rice.
-Not open on Monday:  Not their fault, but I tend to crave for Hawaiian on Monday's.
Now I know and knowing is half the battle.
Friends don't let friends drink and paint...
Joking...Here at Buzz'N Brushes, drinking and painting is encouraged.
We came out here to attend Kayla M's UYE, which was a blast.
She's been here before as well as Roger T.  Both of them gave positive reviews and since I trust their judgment, I knew a night out at Buzz'N would be a fun one.
What to Expect?
-Inside the Orleans, specifically located across from their buffet

-$30 includes painting lessons, 2 drinks, fun/partaying, and a masterpiece that you get to take home.
-Buzz'N is spacious.
There's even enough lounge chairs and a bar in case you rather just buzz and not brush.
On a side note, the inside of Buzz'N doesn't stench of smoke.
However, you have to walk through it inside the Orleans.
Once you're inside Buzz'N, you're safe to breathe again.
-Energy:  If you don't have it before you get here, you'll get it by the night's end.
The team at Buzz'N ensures that everyone is having a great time by bumping music, encouraging some dancing, and even will tell a bunch of jokes.
-Lessons:  If you have no painting skills, don't fret.
At Buzz'N, it's all about fun but at the same time you get step by step instructions on painting.
The Process:
-Pay your $30 per head.
-Use your drink coupon and get your drink on.
If you're like me, then get your H2O on.
-Eat:  They serve food here.
Pizza is all I seen, but there could be more.
-Get seated.
Find your spot or they can find one for you.
-Get your paint.
Make sure to get enough.
Two pumps of paint just won't cut it.
I had to make multiple trips.
-Time to get started and listen to your fabulous instructor.
They'll show you what you're painting, explain what each brush is used for, and detail the process.
If you follow their step by step directions, then you can't go wrong.
One way to look at it...if I can created what looks like a million dollar masterpiece, then anyone can.
I'm obviously a fan of this place.
We had a great time and I hear that kids/teenagers can have a great time here too.
Next time my teenager is in town, I'll be sure to take her here.
However, she's only doing the brushin' not the buzz'n.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (428/500)
Bingo Room - Santa Fe Station Casino (Northwest, Las Vegas)

It's Father's Day and guess how we celebrate it?
We Bingo!
I am, by no means, a bingo connoisseur.
But I do know "nice" when I see it.
Santa Fe Casino's bingo room is more than just nice.
It's comfortable, clean, and non-smoking.
Yes, that's not a typo.
The main bingo room is non-smoking.
But smokers can still enjoy a game of B-I-N-G-O in a separate smoker's room.
The entire room has been updated with multiple TV's, a full bar, pastries, plush seating, free Wi-Fi, and even outlets to keep your mobile devices charged up.
Another plus...the room isn't too big, which mean less players and better odds on winning.
Price per game is about $40 if you're using the machines and purchasing a few add-on's.
We didn't win on our first visit here, but my mom didn't raise a quitter.
I will be back and I highly recommend.
BINGO!!
TIP #1:  Get here early, get in line, and reserve a place to sit.
TIP #2:  The lines take forever.
Refer to Tip #1.
TIP #3:  Good Luck!!
Every once in awhile I'd see this place and think...looks like some of the taco shops I go to in Southern California.
But I would never try it.
Coming from San Diego (15 minutes from TJ), I became a snob when it came to taco shops out here.
I had this attitude that no taco shop in Vegas can come close.
After reading some of these reviews, I thought I give this place a try.
I was starving and been to plenty taco shops that can mess up a carne asada burrito and carne asada chips.
You know how it goes??
You're hungry, but at the same time in no mood to experiment.
So, I naturally played it safe and went with the rolled tacos.
I'm not going to say it was the best rolled tacos that I've ever had, but it was good enough for me to come back.
I didn't give this place 3 stars or 5 stars because I didn't really try anything special.
I still need to try their
-Carne Asada Fries
-Carne Asada Chips
-Carne Asada Burrito

If this place can deliver on any one of these, I will change my rate to a 5.
One wish regarding the rolled tacos...I wish they had the mixed white cheese with the red tips.
If you're from California, you know what I'm talking about.
Overall, this places has me curious on how good it really is.
I will be back to find out.
This place reminds me a lot of the taco shops in San Diego, compares to Alberto's and Sombrero's.
One positive for sure is the service, cleanliness, and it's open 24hrs.
If I was Yelping 3 years ago, I'd be the Duke by a long shot.
When I first moved to Las Vegas in 2011, South Point was my home for the first couple of months.
So that meant a lot of breakfast, lunch, and dinners at the Coronado Cafe.
Now that doesn't mean that the Coronado Cafe is a "Must" stop.
It just means that I was too lazy to leave the casino when the belly was calling.
So here's my review...

Service:  This really depends on the day, the time, and how busy they are.
I've gotten service as bad as 2 stars and as good as 5 stars.
Ironically, the service is actually better during the weekend nights when they are busy.
Busy here also means a lot more employees working, which means pretty good service.
I found longer waits during the quiet morning/afternoons.
The Food:  There's something for everyone here.
The menu is extensive and there's even Chinese Food.
My Suggestions:  
-Eggs:  No one messes up eggs, Coronado doesn't either
-Clam Chowder:  Pretty good stuff.
Not New England or Morro Bay good, but good enough that you'll be wanting more.
-Porterhouse for $12.99:  Bang for your buck!
This is somewhat dry, so if you're use to a Medium-Well, get a Medium Plus.
-Sweet & Sour Chicken:  Surprisingly, not too bad.
-Asparagus:  Not on the menu, but they'll make it if you request it.
Good stuff!
-Salmon:  I've had good and bad salmon here.
But I've had more good than bad.
Nothing really special.
Taste wise it's okay, protein wise it's worth it.
-Chicken Parmesan:  Just okay, but worth the try if you're in the mood.
Take my advice, avoid these:
-Grilled Halibut Steak:  Flaky just how I like my fish, but it's too dry and really fishy.
-Prime Rib:  Taste like cardboard 
-Any of their salads.
I've never had a fresh one here


Overall, I have to say that the food is just average at best.
However, Coronado fits everyone's budget.
The food is inexpensive and if you're in the casino, the restaurant is convenient.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (495/500)
I finally got the chance to try out Bouchon and I was not disappointed at all.
5 Stars for their service
5 Stars for the food
5 Stars for the ambiance

At Bouchon, you're definitely treated like a Duke or Duchess.
Your bread is kept full, your drinks kept filled, and your table kept clean.
I assume that they watch your table like a hawk or have special powers because whenever our waiter was needed, one was at our table without even having to wave one down.
Service is important to me and their timing with everything was impeccable.
Now for their food....
The Pastry Basket: You get to select what 4 items you want in your pastry basket.
We chose their pain au chocolat (chocolate filled croissant), a plain croissant, raspberry beignets, and a scone.
Both croissants were flaky, tasty, and had a buttery taste to them.
I thought that the beignet was just okay and their scone was phenomenal.
I could eat 10 of these in one sitting.
Don't dare me, I will.
The scone just breaks and melts in your mouth.
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=D6VMKEvKSRDmL3Yft3EoPQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)

Chicken & Waffles: I just had to give their Chicken and Waffles a try since it was my first time here.
Fellow Yelp Bud, Rodney H, recommended this and I was hit with the some of the best chicken and waffles that I have ever had.
You can't go wrong with this order.
Usually the waffles is the highlight of a chicken/waffle dish.
Here at Bouchon, they didn't skimp on taste with their chicken, which made it tough for me to decide what was better, the chicken or the waffle.
The chicken was seasoned and prepared just right.
Combine the great tasting chicken with their waffles (crispy on the outside, moist on the inside) and you're left wanting seconds.
Take my recommendations...get the Chicken & Waffles.
(http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=wG5czHVCRBod8yOR25gCSQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)


Ambiance:  
We were lucky and caught Bouchon at a great time.
The restaurant was empty and quiet for a Sunday morning.
Look around and Bouchon's French setting makes you forget you're even in the Venetian.
Price:
The great service, food, and ambiance doesn't come with a Denny's or IHOP price tag.
The pastry basket, my chicken & waffles, and the gf's dish (Croque Madame) came to about $60 before the tip.
But in my opinion, this is not expensive at all because you get what you pay for.
Heck, it's a lot cheaper than flying out to Paris for this.
Overall, I had this place bookmarked for some time now.
I wasn't disappointed and look forward to trying out their dinner menu.
Bouchon, you're a hit and can't wait to come back.
PS:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=39qJzeV2PlNqbeERwVL8PA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ


YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (026/366)
II had the original Burger Lounge in San Diego bookmarked since the day they opened.
I had chances to go, but was swayed by either a friend's bad review of the place or because there's so many other options in Daygo.
Since then, Burger Lounge has expanded throughout the 619.
As they got bigger, I heard that the quality of their burgers got worse.
Let me see for myself.
Burger Lounge is now in Las Vegas inside the Aria and conveniently located next to the poker room.
The location is small and can be easily missed if you're not paying attention.
The menu consist of burgers, a turkey burger, a veggie burger, 2 types of breakfast sandwiches, and salad (but who has time for that?).
Sides include fries and onion rings.
Burger Lounge also has floats and shakes for dessert.
I got the Double Classic (double grass-fed beef and cheese).
You know how in some places you can't tell the difference between a regular burger and a burger that comes from grass-fed cows.
Here, I can taste the difference.
The burgers are fresh, juicy, and very tasty.
The quality that you get here also comes with a hefty price.
3 burgers (one was a double), two sides, and one drink cost us about $75.
In my opinion, that's a little steep considering that the size of the burgers are a little small.
But you pay for quality, right?
Overall, I'm a fan of the taste of their burgers.
I'm just not a huge fan of the value.
2017 Yelp Review #63
Looking for some huge croissants?
This place has it.
Big desserts and coffee with an even bigger price tag at this joint.
But hey, we're at the Bellagio where prices are expected to be high.
Palio is located across from the Gallery of Fine Arts.
Inside, you'll find a well decorated, spacious, and even a semi-quiet cafe.
Palio has your coffee's, latte's, iced coffee's, desserts, bagels, muffins, cookies, sandwiches, croissants, and even some pre-made sushi.
All are priced to profit and people buy it.
I admit, I am not the biggest fan of Palio with the main reason being price.
The cheapest item on their menu is their basic Americano for $4.50.
Think about it.
Starbucks carries this for $2 and we all know they are priced high too.
But when you have that 2:30 feeling, you do what you got to do.
Service is just okay and if they were above and beyond, I'd probably up the stars to 4.
As of now, just 3 stars meaning Palio is just okay.
My 2nd Kaizen Sushi restaurant I visited in the last 3 months.
I actually like the location across from the Hard Rock, but gave this place a try since there really isn't too many sushi options in North Las Vegas.
Mary P. starts her review with AYCE and that's what got me here.
The Paradise location doesn't offer AYCE.
Since I'm having all I can eat, I'm going to be all I can be.
My Meal:

-Sushi:  Tried their Yellow-tail, Halibut, and Salmon.
Because it's AYCE, the portions are bit smaller.
But it's all you can eat, so order more if you can stomach it.
All were fresh, but in my opinion thought the Yellow-tail was the best of the three.
-Sushi Roll:  Had to get a western style sushi as well.
Tried the Red Rock, which consist of Shrimp Tempura, Spicy Tuna, and Seared Tuna.
It wasn't the tightest roll, actually got a little messy.
Good thing I had my chopstick skills in check.
Roll was good, but after awhile all spicy tuna and tempura shrimp rolls taste the same.
-Chicken Fried Rice:  Probably the best item that I got from here.
I love me some friend rice, especially chicken fried rice.
Wish some adobo was mixed in, but beggars can't be choosers.
Healthy portions for AYCE as well.
-Katsu:  Pretty good and one of my bigger order regrets.
Not because it wasn't good, but because it was just a lot of food.
I felt that the katsu was a too greasy, but it's fried food so what am I suppose to expect.
My other issue is that I didn't think they would serve it with another cup of rice since I already ordered the Chicken Fried Rice.
Carb overload for sure!!
My dining experience was just okay.
I had great service from the sushi bar, but just okay if I ordered something outside of sushi.
Restaurant is average sized with TV's at the bar and a projector on the wall.
My only issues...no brown rice and their Japanese Steak was out.
Overall, I give them 4 stars because it's probably one of the better sushi spots in North Las Vegas.
My next visit may just be for their Chicken Fried Rice.
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #4

Salo-Salo was actually recommended by Roger T for us to go for our next Halo-Halo Challenge.
I admit, I pulled up Yelp, got on Salo-Salo's website, and did my homework on their Pinoy "Mix-Mix" dessert.
Based on their website, pinipig was in their Halo-Halo.
Interesting...I gots to investigate.
We arrived on Father's Day and this place was packed and there was a line.
Since we weren't having any food except Halo-Halo, they seated us right away.
Within 5 minutes, our Halo-Halo's arrived.
Each Halo-Halo cost $4.95 and what a beautiful sight.
First of all, real silverware.
Always a bonus for me since it makes mixing this iced treat that much easier with real utensils.
Salo-Salo's Halo-Halo had what I've been looking for all along...real, legit ube.
Ube ice cream, green jelly, red jelly, some coconut, white beans, and flan were also at attendance.
But what was missing was the red beans, pinipig, and lanka.
I was still stoked that I got legit ube.
Taste wise...pretty damn good.
Would be perfect if red beans made it to the party.
PS:  We didn't have anything else, just their Halo-Halo.
Service was fantastic, especially since they were so busy.
Halo-Halo:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ#c0x5cS2wqTguAxEttK-iwg

2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:
Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
Contender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:self
Contender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ
Contender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self
Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw
Contender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg
Contender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA
Contender #8 (Fiesta Filipina):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
January 2013 was the first time I used United Blood to donate some of my precious blood and plasma.
I know...sounds delicious.
Moving forward, I'm using United Blood Services to donate.
I'm told that I can donate as much as 3-4 times a year and feel it's my duty to do so.
Signing up is easy (go online or stop in) and donating blood is a great way to give back.
Donating also serves as a good check if anything is wrong with you health wise.
Not a catch 22, but a "knock two birds with one stone" type of thing for me.
The initial process includes a mini interview where they ask you a bunch of personal questions like how often you smush, if you're a drug user, and if you have any known diseases.
After you get past the questions, you're ready to donate.
I can't remember the name of the procedure, but chose the longer procedure.
I figure if I'm going to give, I'm giving a lot.
I can't end this review without commenting on the staff.
Overall, they are great, friendly, and at least have a decent enough personality to hold a conversation.
Maybe it's just me because I don't mind talking to strangers, especially if they have a large needle stuck up my arm.
On a side note, thanks to Mimi J. of Bakersfield.
We're competing on review count for 2013, more like motivating each other.
She recently sent me a message about donating blood, on how she can't wait to donate so she can put a review in.
That's a true Yelper!!
Her comments just reminded me to get this review in.
I think I beat you to it Mimi J!!!
No Ramen, No Life!
I really can't believe that it took me this long to review JINYA.
The girlfriend and I hit this place up on the very first day they opened their doors.
JINYA was empty and service was fantastic that day.
Service is still great, but dang, the lines are out the door.
We tried almost every side item and of course, the ramen.
There's so many options here that it's very easy to be undecided on what to get.
My favorite was their Tonkotsu Black Ramen w/2 extra eggs and extra seaweed.
I love the noodles and the creamy broth.
What makes JINYA so good is their consistency.
The taste, textures, and portions are always on point.
But if you ask what I enjoy the most here, it's their Chicken Chashu Bowl.
I will get this with an extra side of chicken and some extra eggs.
This is a "must try" if you're here and want something other than ramen.
It's so good.
I will usually get the small with very little rice and pack on the extra proteins.
That's how it's done, folks.
No Ramen, No Life!
That's their motto.
My JINYA motto..."No Chicken, No Life".
TIP #1:  Long waits because everyone loves JINYA

TIP #2:  Happy Hour Menu is from 3:00 PM to 5:00 PM (super deals on side items)

TIP #3:  Please caption your photos.
Even my fork pictures have captions.
I hate showing our server a picture on Yelp and telling them "I want this.
I don't know what it is, but I want this".
Please Yeeps!!
Captions!!!!
2017 Yelp Review #33
7-Eleven has won me over...for their coffee that is.
I admit, sort of a coffee snob.
But recently started hitting up 7-Eleven's again for their coffee.
My brother-in-law was in town and refuses to spend $5 on a cup of Starbucks.
So, 7-Eleven it is.
I was surprised how good their coffee really is and at the fraction of the cost.
When we got in, they brewed a new pot just for us.
Also, if the line backs up, they open a new register.
This 7-Eleven even has gas, bad for you but good taquitos, and sometimes Olde English (8-Ball).
8-Ball really brings me back.
Not much of a detailed review, but how detailed can you get with a Convenient Store/Gas Station?
4 stars from me for their service and coffee.
Happy Valentine's Day!
I write this review on Valentine's Day because I'm just a romantic guy and nothing says "Happy Valentine's" better than a great pair of running and lifting shoes.
I admit, I am one lucky dude.
I have the perfect girlfriend and for special occasions we get each other things that we're going to use like gym clothes, lifting gloves, protein bars, steaks, desserts, and shoes.
We were both in need for some shoes.
She needed a good pair of running shoes.
I needed a good gym shoe with a flat sole for squatting/deadlifting.
We arrived at New Balance and were both serviced like we are the King and Queen of Summerlin.
My girlfriend is no amateur to long distance running and only gets shoes that are properly fitted to her feet and style of running.
She found the exact shoe that she wanted, tried them on, and walked around the store with them.
While she was test driving her shoe, I found a pair of NB trainers that I have been eyeing for a long time and it was discounted significantly since the newer models are out.
NB had my size and I immediately done some body weight squats, weightless deadlifts, and burpees.
No, I'm joking.
I didn't do the burpees.
I paid for my girlfriend's shoes, she paid for mine.
Happy Valentine's to us!!
I'm sure that we will be back for our next pair of running shoes.
The overall service is great.
Larry and the team at New Balance took really good care of us.
SHORT REVIEW:
Here's the Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
THE GOOD:  TopGolf has made the driving range a lot more fun.
Pounding ball after ball at your local municipal course drags, especially when your ball slices to the right or hooks to the left.
Here at TopGolf, all those worries are gone.
You can enjoy a day or night at this range sipping on a few drinks, grubbing on some food, and watching the big game all at the same time.
THE BAD:  There's not much that I would complain about.
But if I had to pick, then it would be the parking.
You can either walk here or valet.
Self-parking would be a great addition.
TopGolf is also missing a putting green.
THE UGLY:  My golf game.
I am really bad at this.
But you know what they say...a bad day at golf is better than a good day at work.
LONG REVIEW:
One thing about individual sports is finding a fun way to practice it.
Bowlers have Cosmic Bowling.
Pool players have the local bar.
Dart players have Cricket.
But what about the people that enjoy golf?
All they have is miniature golf and that really doesn't count.
Putting a red golf ball passed a waterfall, through the clowns teeth, and under a windmill for a hole in one just isn't fun anymore.
Well, those days are gone.
TopGolf has arrived and they aren't going anywhere anytime soon.
TopGolf Rocks!!
I had such a great time at TopGolf that I even texted a few friends and family to get their butts here as soon as possible.
TopGolf is all about fun and entertainment.
Don't come here expecting to hone your golf skills so you can one day make the PGA Tour.
You come here for the experience and fun with friends/family.
What makes TopGolf so fun is the different games that you can play and track on their handy dandy computer.
Accuracy games?
Yes, they have it.
The closer you get to a pin, the more points.
Sweet!!
Team games?
They have that too.
And what about those "grip it and rip it" types that just enjoy tagging that little white golf ball as far as they can.
Well, TopGolf has that to a point (range is about 250 yards deep).
TopGolf is perfect for groups, teambuilding, parties (not the Vegas Baby type parties), and just chillin' with friends & family.
LIST OF OTHER THINGS THAT TOPGOLF HAS TO OFFER.
-Driving range has 4 floors.
The 1st and 2nd floor is for all ages.
The 3rd and 4th floors are for adults.
-Equipment is provided, but you can also bring your own.
The first two floors have decent graphite shafted cavity backs.
They provide a Driver, 3-Wood, Hybrid, 4 Iron, 6 Iron, 8 Iron, and PW.
Clubs are provided for men, women, kids, and lefties.
On the 3rd and 4th Floors, the clubs are Callaway Big Bertha's.
-Awesome Service:  A++ from the moment we arrived.
We had our own hostess that was very attentive and at least 3 different employees checked on us.
And when our game wasn't working properly, a tech was called and fixed it right away.
He also comped us 15 minutes.
-You basically rent a space, which includes your own TV, couches, golf caddy, and even a couple of usb ports to charge your phone.
-Food:  There's a lot on the menu to get your feastmode on.
The food is not just limited to fried bar food either.
Here's a tip...don't skip the Injectable Donut Holes.
-Bar and Drinks:  You can order your drinks through your hostess or at one of their multiple bars armed with video poker machines.
They have beer pong too.
On a side note...I once won a beer pong tourney at the Excalibur back in the day.
Just saying.
-Huge TV's everywhere, including a couple of big screens at the end of the range.
-Swimming Pool:  Yes, there's a pool here.
-Price:  Cost is by the hour with the best rates during the day.
At first, I thought that TopGolf was on the pricey side.
But then I came to my senses and realized what our money gave us back in return.
OVERALL:  I had great time and can't wait to come back.
A golf range is where you go to practice your swing and improve your handicap.
TopGolf is for all skill levels looking to have good time playing a game that was never meant to be easy.
2016 Yelp Review #36
I'm starting to fall in love with my Gold's Gym membership.
Just recently signed up for $19.95 a month, which includes all Las Vegas Gold's (including their Centennial location) and some California locations as well.
Been a 24 Hour Fitness loyal for years and I have to admit that Gold's has a different energy when you enter one of these.
Everyone here is serious about their fitness.
Seems like the physiques are at another level here too.
As for this specific location, the pros consist of the following;
-Clean Gym: Equipment is wiped down and weights are re-racked.
-Clean locker rooms
-Open feel when you walk in.
Equipment is spaced out so you don't feel too cluster phobic.
There's plenty of room to do weighted walking lunges.
-Steel plates.
I love the sound of the plates clanging against each other with every rep. 
-Enough cardio and plenty of free weights
-Updated Hammer Equipment
-MMA training area
-Couple of Smith Machines and Power Racks.
-Equipment is always working
-Triceps Bench

Cons:
-No Standing Calf Machine.
Ended up doing Smith Calf Raises to take its place.
-Wish there was more cable stations
-Need more leg machines (lying leg curls, leg extensions, standing leg curls)
-Parking
-Stretching area is small

The staff here is great too.
Stephanie signed me up and her boss, Karen, assisted when I made updates to my account.
Overall, I'm a new fan of this Gold's Gym off Eastern Ave.

PS: I'm not cheating on 24 Hour Fitness.
I'm just changing things up.
This review is actually for the Walmart Neighborhood Market.
Located close to me and cheapest groceries in town.
I guess I'm a fan by default.
Couple of things first, a Walmart Neighborhood Market is not something I am use to.
I didn't have this in San Diego and don't see any in California.
I always knew that Walmart Stores had grocery sections, but avoided your regular or supercenters because they're usually busy.
Nice change to have a Walmart "Grocery Only" Store.
Now, for this location itself.
Open 24 hours and plenty of parking.
However, it's a an adventure just to park.
The parking lot is hella busy.
You literally have to dodge other cars, shopping carts, and even people.
It's a busy crazy little parking lot.
I feel like I'm in a game of Frogger.
Now for what this store has in store.
Great prices on groceries, especially with their meats.
Not too many places where you can get a couple of lbs of steak for less than $12.
This place has it.
During peak hours, this place get's busy but there's usually enough cashiers and self check outs opened.
One thing, the customers here are all pleasant.
I don't think there's been one time where an random customer hasn't said "Hello".
Must be my Axe body spray.
The bakery and deli is decent, but I try to avoid that stuff.
However, the prices look good and the food looks fresh.
Btw, for all your movie watchers, this place also has Redbox.
I don't have too many issues finding what I need.
This grocery store is quick, cheap, and close to home so I will probably be back.
TIP:  Open 24 hours doesn't mean more convenient.
There's less customers during the graveyard hours, but also less employees.
Aisles during the graveyard are usually blocked because they're stocking.
I also find myself waiting longer in line at midnight than I do at 5 PM.
An Aquatic Masterpiece!
Breathtaking!!
Simply The Best!!!
Short Review:  
This was my first Cirque show in Las Vegas and I gots to say....I had the time of my life.
We watched "O" for Valentine's Day and the experience was breathtaking from start to finish.
There's no sense going to great detail of what you'll experience with this show since most of the reviews on here already explain a lot.
Bottom line, Cirque du Soleil's "O" is as good as it gets.
Shorter Review:
Do This!
Longer Review: 
Cirque du Soleil's "O" is performed in Bellagio.
"O", French for water, features at least 10 different acts in water, on the ground, and in the air.
You'll experience acts from acrobats, trapeze acts, fire dancing, contortionist, high dives, synchronized swimming, and even some clowns perform.
All acts are performed with live music, which is perfectly synchronized with all of the performances.
It's really hard to say which of the acts was my favorite because all delivered a performance that's simply magical.
You have to hand it to all the performers.
The strength, the focus, and the grace that these performers exhibit is second to none.
I look forward to watch more Cirque shows in the future and will consider the backstage package for "O" as well.
But don't just take my word for it, check out "O" for yourself.
TIP: "O" performs Wednesday through Sunday with only two performances, 7:30 PM and 10:00 PM.
You can get tickets at one of M Life's casinos (ie.
Excalibur, Luxor, Bellagio, etc) or online.
Unless you have a hook up, general admission per person starts at $108 for Level 4, $119.90 for Level 3, $143 for Level 2, and $170.50 for Level 1.
Because it was my first time and didn't know what to expect, we got seats at Level 1.
However, the theater isn't too big and is set up perfectly.
In other words, I think that you can still enjoy the show from Level 4.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (049/366)
Best Apple Fritter!!!
We stopped by on New Year's Day at around 11:00 AM.
I have to admit, I wasn't originally impressed with what Ace Donuts had to offer.
I had a soggy cruller, sampled a less than stellar cronut, the free donut holes were harder than marbles, and my coffee didn't have that "best part of waking up" taste.
To top it off, the selection was lacking.
So why the rave reviews from all the local Yelpers?
Why a 4 star review from me?
It's all about timing, I guess.
I trust some of the Yelpers that have already reviewed this place.
I also assume that they came in with the donuts were hot and fresh.
Again, I arrived at 11:00 AM and was left with whatever Ace had left.
I was very content in giving Ace Donuts 3 stars and that's a solid 3.
But then I tried their apple fritter and my opinion about Ace Donuts immediately changed.
I've had an apple fritter at numerous locations in Las Vegas.
Bar none....Ace Donuts ranks on top.
I usually stay away from fritters because they're usually greasy, oily, hard as a rock, and overcooked.
At Ace, you get the complete opposite.
In my opinion, Ace has the best fritters that I have tried in Las Vegas.
I may not be a fan of everything else that Ace Donuts has to offer, but they get my vote as "The Best Fritter in Las Vegas".
Been here just a handful of times since I moved out here.
The bar/club's concept is simple...old school arcade games on the left, bar in the center, and a mini dance floor near the back.
I really only go here to take someone that has never been here.
Other than that, really no reason for me to come back.
Ambience:  Usually locals here.
During the weekdays, pretty much dead.
Friday's and Saturday's, pretty busy, but not overly crowded.
One plus for me is that it's spacious enough that it doesn't get too stuffy.
Issues:  Games I used to play back when I was a kid seem to always be down.
My favorites were Ye R Kung Fu, Commando, and Space Invaders.
I know, I know..I'm old.
Other issue...I'm the old guy at the club.
Back to the Griffin or Downtown.
There's just something about CPK that keeps bringing us back.
I like CPK for their Cedar Plank Salmon ($19) and their West Coast Burger (formerly the CPK Burger / $14).
The salmon is blackened perfectly and kept unseasoned by request.
It's so good that I will have my salmon with a side of additional salmon.
Their burger is surprisingly awesome and has become one of my favorite items on their menu.
The burger patty is made up of ground chuck and brisket.
It's so juicy and delicious.
The only issue with their burgers is that it doesn't come with a side.
CPK also has other things on their menu like soups, salads, steaks, and even pizza.
Their signature is the BBQ Chicken Pizza.
Overall, it's not too bad.
I rather just stick to their salmon and burger.
My first impression of Cosmo when I first visited this Hotel/Casino is their parking garage.
Each parking stall has the green lights and red lights indicating if a spot is open.
Really cool and convenient.
Just keep in mind that bikes do not trigger the sensors.
So don't get too excited about thinking you got a close spot or you'll get motid like me.
As for the casino floor itself, simply modern, sleek, and beautiful.
In the center of this casino is their infamous Chandelier.
During the day, this casino is tame.
But during the night, all the black outfits come out.
The casino floor level is about drinks and gaming.
The 2nd level is where the night life action is going on.
During a Friday and Saturday night, the 2nd floor is packed.
Also, don't be surprised to see a celebrity or two while visiting this place.
I'm stoked!
We got The Habit on our side of town.
If you guys know me, then you know that I'm an In-N-Out type diehard.
But that doesn't mean that I won't stop by The Habit for their Double Char Burger and Tri-Tip Sandwich.
If I'm willing to cheat on In-N-Out, then their burgers must be good, right?
Everything here is made to order and their burgers are charbroiled.
The burgers here are delicious, juicy, and very affordable.
What sets The Habit apart from some of their competition is that savoring charbroiled taste on all their burgers.
Their Double Char is only $4.25 and their Tri-Tip Steak is $6.99.
In my opinion, this is a steal of a price.
Side options include fries, onion rings, sweet potato fries, tempura green beans, and salad.
Dessert options include shakes, malts, vanilla soft serve, and sundaes.
The food is good and the service was excellent.
They do a great job keeping this place clean, managing the lines, and taking care of their customer's needs.
I even noticed that our table was cleaned immediately after we got done with our meal.
We arrived hungry and left very satisfied.
Good Job, Habit!
You'll see me again soon.
Burger Prices (some examples)
-Meal #1:  Original Charburger, Fries, and Drink - $7.15
-Meal #2:  Original Double Char, Fries, and Drink - $8.15
-Charburger - $3.25
-Double Char - $4.25
-BBQ Bacon Char - $4.55
-Santa Barbara Style Char - $5.95

Signature Sandwich Prices (some examples)
-Grilled Chicken - $5.99
-Tri-Tip Steak - $6.99
-Golden Fried Chicken - $6.50
-Veggie Burger - $4.99

2017 Yelp Review #88
I'm on a mission to have every In-N-Out in Las Vegas reviewed by the end of this year.
That shouldn't be a problem since I eat at In-N-Out at least once a week.
My favorite is their Double Double, Spread Only, and Extra Toast.
It really doesn't get any better than this and it's less than $4.00.
I'll make it a 3x3 if I'm a little hungry.
Obviously, I'm a huge fan of In-N-Out.
Recently, I've been sticking to just two Flying Dutchman's (2 patties & 2 slices of cheese only) to keep the starches low.
In my opinion, In-N-Out is one of the most consistent fast food joints out there.
All that being said, I don't avoid too many In-N-Outs, but I do avoid this one.
The lines inside isn't too long, but it seems to take them a little longer to cook just two patties and cheese.
The drive thru lines always seem to be long and snakes through the parking lot.
Most locations will have a staff member taking your order before you get to the window to speed up the process when it gets busy.
This location doesn't do that, at least they didn't the last 3 times I've been here.
Then there's the cleanliness of the restaurant.
I'm spoiled that I live very close to the cleanest and least busy In-N-Out in Las Vegas.
My In-N-Out is always spotless.
This location was a little behind on cleaning up a few tables the last 2 times I've been here.
Overall, I'm a huge fan of In-N-Out.
I'm just not a huge fan of this location.
Regardless, I'm sure that I will be back to this location at some point.
I just never know when I will have those In-N-Out cravings.
2017 In-N-Out Review #9
Not really into casino buffets because I can never seem to get my money's worth.
If you see me checking into a buffet, it's usually due to friends/family are in town, it's comped, or I am desperately hungry.
Having said all this, I've been to this specific buffet at least 50 times in the last 10 years.
Each time it's gotten worse and worse.
When it comes to selection, there's plenty for everyone.
When it comes to taste and satisfaction, good luck with that.
I remember years ago where this was one of the better buffets.
Times have changed or my taste has change.
Either way, I don't see myself going out of the way to eat here.
Only reason we stopped here recently was because I had a friend from out of town with me, there wasn't a line, and we were both hungry.
Rio's buffet doesn't compare to M.  I haven't been to Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon, but I assume Rio doesn't compare to them either.
What made my most recent visit even worse was that my local discount didn't work on NYE.
4 stars for cleanliness, no wait, and price was better than everyone else on NYE.
2 stars for quality.
Overall, 3 stars for Rio's Casino Seafood Buffet.
Tucked off Tenaya in Summerlin, this Pole Position doesn't get the love that the Flamingo/Arville location does.
This place is dead and according to the staff, it's always dead here.
But that is what makes this Pole Position, 5 stars in my book.
Once you try Pole Position, all other go-kart places just doesn't compare.
Pole Position is well organized, clean, fully AC'd, and has some of the fastest go-karts around.
Price is a bit steep at over $20 per head, but at least in this location, you get a local's discount.
I recommend Pole Position if you're in that need for speed, entertaining guest/teens, or just looking to do something different in Las Vegas.
Bread and Butter is a nice change of pace when it comes to eats in the AM.
Known for their breakfast/brunch meals, it's also their pastries that will have you coming back for more.
The presentations on from their desserts to their meals are 2nd to none.
Review some Yelp pictures and you'll get what I'm talking about.
Listed below are my opinions on what I've tried.
-Smoked Salmon Pizza ($10.95):  Thin crusted pizza with tomatoes and smoked salmon pieces on top.
I love salmon and since it is smoked, the flavoring can be tasted with each pizza bite.
My only issue is that it's a fishy fish with an after taste.
-PB & J Brioche ($4):  Divine describes this best.
The muffin itself taste like peanut butter and is filled with strawberry jam.
The jelly is super rich and compliments the peanut butter perfectly.
-Ham/Egg Waffle Sandwich ($9.50): Looked good, but taste was missing.
My post Valentine date had this and it was bland.
Not sure what the problem was, but gravy, ham, and egg doesn't mix well with the waffle.
She had two bites and I had one, then we were done with it.
Don, the owner's father, saw our disappointment and immediately rectified the issue by replacing it with their breakfast burrito.
The breakfast burrito was good.
I just liked the food, but loved their pastries.
I can't wait to come back to try their macarons.
Customer service is where Bread and Butter scores big time.
Don was great and you can tell that their customer's are numero uno at this establishment.
5 Stars for service.
Thanks Don, you are truly the best.
4 Stars:  Got what I was looking for
2 Stars:  Initial service.
3 Star Average

This is probably one of the smallest Best Buys that I've been to.
I visited this specific location about 4 times in the last 6 months and each time I got what I was looking for.
Since I got what I needed, I have to at least give them 4 stars.
However, their service here is lacking a bit.
Not lacking in terms of no employees around.
But lacking meaning no one willing to help.
It's like a silent sale here.
No one initiates service, you have to seek it.
I arrived this evening looking for a pair of purple Beats for my daughter.
I know my way around a Best Buy so I walked straight to where the headphones are located and didn't find exactly what I was looking for.
I see an employee helping two customers in the area, but noticed they were talking more personal stuff.
Not a big deal.
I enjoy the occasional small talk with people too.
Plus, that's good service to strike a conversation, right?
Well as soon as their conversation ended, the employee walked away.
He didn't even ask if I needed any assistance.
I normally wouldn't be irritated, but I think it was obvious I couldn't find what I was looking for because I was checking every peg for the purple Beats.
So I had to do what a lot of these other Yelpers did, look for an employee.
Wasn't an problem finding anyone because employees were everywhere.
Coincidentally, there wasn't a single employee assisting a customer.
I finally found someone and not sure if they can tell that I was irritated, but one came to my help.
I think her name was Brandi, but wasn't sure because she didn't have a name tag.
I just remember names.
What I was looking for wasn't on the floor so she checked her computer to verify if they had any in the back.
They had some in the back and looks like she went out of her way to locate the item.
Good save by Brandi and I ended up leaving with what I wanted.
Will I come back?
I am not quitting Best Buy for anyone, not even bad service.
However, I may drive out of my way to another Best Buy.
5 Stars for Service and Location.
4 Stars for Food
3 Stars for Price
4 Stars Overall

This place has been bookmarked, but always avoided because it's always packed whenever I'm out here.
Because of the long waits, reservations are a must.
This was my first time at Le Thai with zero wait because we had reservations.
This also might be due to quiet Thursday night.
Met up with the Wonder Twins aka  Alicia R. and Terri R. for dinner.
The restaurant is as small as advertised, but there was plenty of room since it wasn't packed.
We were seated immediately, but felt that our orders took a little longer than I expected since they weren't busy yet.
Our orders were eventually taken and we were all given our shots of water.
I ended up ordering their Thai Chicken Wings and Garlic Chicken Fried Rice.
I shared one piece of chicken wings with Alicia R. but had the rest for myself.
You could of have timed me.
I killed everything in less than 15 minutes.
The Thai wings were seasoned with what I call a BBQ taste with a sweet happy ending.
Here's the difference with these wings, the taste is on the inside, not the outside.
The initial bite is okay, then you get to the meat where you feel the flavor.
Hard to describe, but imagine BBQ with a sweet buttery after taste.
Yes, it's obvious that I'm a fan of their wings.
Now for their garlic fried rice.
This was so full of flavor and reminded me of what my pops would make.
The serving is huge and might have been made for two, but tonight it was just for me.
The thick pieces of chicken only complimented it.
Not saying Le Thai's is better than Dad C.  Just saying, It's damn good.
I finished my meal, Terri R. finished hers, and Alicia R. ate half and boxed the rest.
I feel so terrible because I knocked Alicia's food all over the floor while giving her a goodbye hug.
Alicia, if you're reading this, I owe you one.
I thought the prices for the wings were about average and the price for the fried rice was a little steep considering it's just fried rice.
My pops would never charge me, at least not that much.
My only other issue with price is their $6.50 bottle of Fiji water.
I really wanted a bottle but couldn't justify a bottle costing nearly as much as the wings.
So, I settled with their kid's cup of water that they serve.
You can say I'm a fan of Le Thai.
There's not too many great eats in DTLV at night.
So, location is a definite plus.
Since I tend to take family and out of town friends to downtown, this just might be a perfect stop for some wings, noodles, and fried rice.
However, pops might think differently about the fried rice.
PS:  I forgot to get my free hug for checking in.
Good gesture, but no thanks.
I'll save it for last year.
Bookmark Checked!!!
Bite has been a bookmark since they opened in 2015.
It's now 2017 and I'm just now reviewing them.
It really doesn't take much for a breakfast joint to please me.
Eggs, bacon, a decent steak, and good service is all it takes for me to be satisfied.
Bite didn't fail with me.
The service was awesome from start to finish.
We were seated immediately on a holiday morning.
Our server, Kristina, took care of us by taking our orders and keeping our drinks full.
Be prepared to eat when you come here because your food is prepared/served with minimal wait.
The menu consist of your typical breakfast items, some colorful pancakes, and their signature stuffed steaks.
I was craving steak, bacon, and eggs.
So, my decision was an easy one...the Stuffed Steak w/Eggs & Bacon and Hash Browns.
My main dish consist of a couple of eggs & bacon that's wrapped by a thin piece of steak.
Imagine having a breakfast burrito, but instead of tortilla, it's wrapped by 6 oz.
of steak.
Yes, that's what I got.
I'm a protein lover and if you are too, then you'll love this combination.
Overall, I was very satisfied with my meal and see myself coming back.
If I can afford the calories, then I'll try their pancakes too.
2017 Yelp Review #2
Shame on me for not reading reviews before eating at this Applebee's.
Met some friends for lunch this week.
The wise choice for us was Applebee's (off Warm Springs) because it was one of the closest restaurants to my friends work.
What started as a wise choice, ended with an overall 3 star review.
If you read other reviews like I did not, you can probably guess what the issue was.
That's right, service here is amazingly slow.
My friend works in the buildings right next to this Applebees and one of our other friends works within 10 minutes.
The plan was for me to arrive and then let them know once I'm seating.
I just wish now that I ordered ahead of time, like 45 minutes ahead of time.
We ordered our food at 12 PM and by 12:35 PM, nothing.
The waitress was called over and we asked about our food.
Viola!
Within 10 minutes we got our food after complaining.
This led to speed eating since both my friends had to get back to work.
Long story short, this place doesn't get packed for lunch, they are just slow for lunch.
This is also the same song and dance if you read the other reviews.
C'mon Applebee's...your customers are trying to tell you something.
As for the food, I got their Bourbon Street Chicken and Shrimp.
I had an extra chicken breast added just for good measure.
The overall meal actually tasted pretty good, but that was just taste.
Texture wasn't so great.
Both my chicken breast were a little dry.
Overall, I think I'm being generous with 3 stars.
I am giving them 3 stars only because I finished my plate.
Service needs to get better, at least faster.
Bourbon Street Chicken & Shrimp:   http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=2ur8pXFTFraCZnKwSEV4BA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Lovely Pair:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=QHGjqvOeYqQEo01Gr6KlqQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Although there's other Aloha Kitchens out here, this is one to go to.
In regards to taste (my opinion):
1.
Katsu: not the best in town.
BTW, look up Katsu on urban dictionary.
2.
Spam Masubi: Okay, sometimes too loose.
3.
Loco Moco: I recommend 
4.
Fried Rice Adobo Omelette: The best!!!
If you're looking for Hawaiian food and want have fun at the same time, come here Friday nights.
Can get crowded and tough to find a seat though.
I've also learned not to wear all black and stand outside when I'm here.
At least 3 times, people thought I was a bouncer.
I even joked with someone and almost got a cover charge from them.
I don't frequent SmashBurger that much.
With so many fast food burger joints out there, it really comes down to mood and convenience if I am in that burger mode.
This SmashBurger is located in Centennial across from Canes.
My last visit at SmashBurger was a little boring since I only got a basic burger.
This time I decided to get their Sin City Burger.
The Sin City Burger is basically a beef patty, onion strings, cheese, their special sauce, and an egg.
Yes, I said an egg.
Did I get fries?
Since I'm already consuming 1300 calories, why not?
My burger was greasy and all over the place.
It was filling, but 1300 calories better be filling.
Food was still good, but can't help to feel like I just wasted a couple of workouts in 15 minutes.
You get what you expect from a fast food burger joint.
Cheap, tasty, and greasy.
Service was good and the burgers are served to you.
I guess I'm a In-N-Out Faithful, especially since their Double Double is half the calories.
TIP:  Don't forget your Yelp 10% Check In discount.
I always forget.
Maybe it's because I usually check in when I'm checking out.
I don't do buffets, but was told that if there's one buffet that I need to go to, then it's Bacchanal.
I've had Bacchanal bookmarked for over a year and finally got the opportunity to try them.
With over 1,800 reviews and 4,500 pictures already posted, there really is no sense to make this a long review with a ton of pictures.
All I have to say is that I wasn't too impressed.
I didn't have a bad experience, I just don't think Bacchanal is 5 or even 4 stars to me.
The service is great, the selection is great, the food is just okay, and the price of $50+ is not worth it.
And in my opinion, all these buffets are beginning to taste the same.
I also never seem to get my money's worth at these places.
For the price, I rather be served a good meal then have to wait in line for a "just okay" one.
But at least I finally got to take care of one of my bookmarks.
The End.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (059/366)
I was here last night, mainly to finally meet some Yelp friends for a UYE.
I've been to other UYE's, but never to one in Las Vegas (where I live).
There's a first for everything and had a great time sharing personal and Yelp stories with everyone.
5 Stars for the UYE, 4 Stars for the restuarant ambiance & staff, and 3 Stars for the food & prices.
My Eats:
-Short Ribs (Beef):  This was my food highlight.
Dr. Pepper braised ribs that was so delicious.
Thanks Shawn H. for suggesting this.
You can smell and taste the Dr. Pepper with each tender bite.
The ribs are perfectly placed on top of Polenta Cornbread.
You have to eat this with fork to get the full experience.
Their Short Ribs were worth the additional wait.
Forgot to take a picture because I was so hungry by the time it arrived.
-Bantam Burgers which is two beef sliders with white cheese.
I have actually had better.
Doesn't compare to 808 Tapas' sliders and messy for a slider.
At least these were decently sized.
-Fries and Tater Tots:  No my order, picked on Christina W's.
Just okay, nothing special.
Better tots at Sonic's.
Pros:
-Nice ambiance, wide open and not dark like some other tapas locations.
-TV by the kitchen bar so you're not missing the game.
-Not a busy restaurant.
New and not many know about this place.
As a result, getting seated shouldn't be an issue.
-Service:  Even though there was a little snafu with one of my orders, they more than made up for it.
Tons of employees for a average sized restaurant.
There's always someone available to take additional request and top your drinks off (i.e water, no booze).
-Located on the east side of Las Vegas.
Not too many eats out here on the east side, Nosh & Swig is a change of pace

Cons:
-Parking.
Small parking lot up front with a handful only being 15 minutes.
Parking at the back is an alternative.
-Food is just okay for the price.
-No swig at this joint.
There's still a lot more for me to try on the menu.
Still want to try their Monte Cristo, Steve-O Grilled Cheese, Smokey Poke, and Salmon Skewers.
PS:
-Thanks Molly T. for putting this together
-Thanks Stephanie S. for pulling my leg to finally show up for my first Las Vegas UYE.
We stayed the night at the GVR and had a $25 hook up at the Grand Cafe.
That's a good thing because there was nothing grand about this place.
I take that back.
The restaurant is clean, the coffee was bold, and our server was okay.
But the food was average, at best.
I had a chicken sandwich, bowl of chili, toast w/peanut butter, and a coffee.
Their chili was okay and the chicken sandwich was bland as heck.
The highlight of my meal was the coffee and peanut butter toast.
The good news...$25 of our meal was comped and we were eating again in the next couple of hours.
Otherwise, I don't see myself coming back any time soon.
I don't do casinos much anymore unless I have friends or family in town.
But when I was hitting up the casinos, it was the Station Casinos that got my hard earned money.
My favorite Station Casinos include Red Rock, Sunset, and in 3rd place comes Sante Fe.
Highlights:
-Close to home
-Bowling and it's cheap
-Movie Theater
-Easy in and out Sports Book.
Yes, I don't stay and linger.
I rather watch my games at home.
-Never busy
-Food Court:  Not stating that they have the best food court.
But their food court is consistent with the rest of the Station Casinos.
There's familiarity here (i.e.
Capriotti's)
-Station Casinos love locals.
Low Lights:
-Smells like smoke.
I know, I know, most do.
But a lot of the strip casino's are at least spacious and airy enough.
Even Red Rock doesn't stench of smoke.
-Poker Room:  This can be a plus or negative depending on who you are or your skill level.
The locals here will hate it that I'm saying it, but the players here are good.
Most are sharks or tight-aggressive (TAG).
Avoid the poker room unless you decide to play low limit.
Besides, money can be had from the tourist on the strip.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (426/500)
Cafe Rio is everywhere in the valley.
Place is known for their Pork Barbacoa, but I don't prefer pork so I couldn't start my review on how great that was.
What I can comment on..
-Nachos:  Missing San Diego, I had them create nachos with just sour cream, double chicken, and cheese.
I have to say, one of the best 2000 calories i consumed in one time in a along time.
-Burritos:  Kept it simple again.
Just the chicken and rice.
I'm not really into the messy wet burritio so I had them just add a small amount.
Portions are huge and the meals are delicious.
Service is a quick cafeteria/assembly line type ordering.
I like it.
At least you can see exactly how your food is being prepared.
TIP:  Get your side sauces before you pay or while you are ordering.
They never ask if you need any and there isn't any in the condiment area or tables.
Honolulu Cookie Company in Vegas!!
The Honolulu Cookie Company brings back a lot of memories for me.
The first time that I have ever had one of their cookies was in the late 90's at the Ala Moana Center in Oahu.
I was on a surveillance and had to look normal.
I had my Niner's Starter Cap on, a fake pair of Ray Bans, my best "Hang Loose" tourist shirt, and 4 boxes of HCC's shortbread half dipped cookies.
I would grab a cookie and start chompin' whenever the perp looked my way.
My surveillance lasted about 2 hours or 4 boxes of HCC cookies.
I didn't end up apprehending the bad guy.
But I did deMelished these shortbread bad boys.
Fast forward to now.
I'm not in Oahu.
I'm not on a surveillance.
I'm at the Grand Bazaar Shops by Bally's in Las Vegas and I'm still enjoying what HCC has to offer.
HCC has a lot of gift options as well as some cookies specifically created for Las Vegas.
You can either create your own mix or purchase their pre-made boxes.
I love the free samples and who doesn't?
I love the samples so much that I had seconds.
The Dark Chocolate Kona Coffee, Dark Chocolate Dipped Macadamia, and the plain Butter Macadamia are my favorites.
They make perfect Christmas presents and even better Birthday presents for January babies.
Just saying.
Tip:  Dip these cookies in a hot cup of coffee.
Move over Biscotti.
You got company.
2016 Yelp Review #6
I'm a fan and didn't even try their pizza.
I've had Metro Pizza bookmarked, then I took it off, then I put it back on, then I finally tried them.
I was seeking this place out every since I read an ROTD on it from last November.
Never found the time and wasn't in the area to ever try them until now.
Let's start with the restaurant itself.
It's bigger than I expected.
One thing missing from most reviews is the size of this restaurant.
I expected a small typical pizza joint with your checkered red/white tablecloths and gaudy decorations all over.
Boy was I totally moted!!
This restaurant is classy, spacious, clean, and well lit.
Because of what I experienced walking in, I assumed a pricey menu.
My first thoughts, sure glad Terri R. is paying for lunch this time.
Then I reviewed the menu and was brought back down to earth.
Bang for your buck for sure!
Metro Pizza has a large selection of pizza, stuffed pizza, salads, calzones, platters, dinners, and one type of soup (Minestrone).
I didn't want to feel too heavy for lunch, so I opted against pizza this time.
I'm not a huge pizza guy anymore anyways.
I chose their Chicken Parmesan Sub w/Garlic Fries ($9.25).
This is served hot, melted cheese, and just the right amount of sauce on top of about 8 oz of breaded chicken breast.
Simply delicious, portions big, and the chicken breast tender.
I washed my parmesan sub down with their garlic fries and glass of water.
In about 10 minutes, my meal was devoured.
One thing about Italian Restaurants, either there's too much sauce which sometimes sogs out your meal or there's not enough where you're wanting more.
At Metro, they had it just right, not too much, not too little, and definitely not too thick.
Since I'm a new fan of Metro's Parm Sub, I'm sure their pizzas are good too.
Service was great from start to finish.
Our food was also prepared and served with little wait.
Voted "The Best of Las Vegas" 7 years in a row!!!
They obviously don't need my review to keep their status, but they got my 5 stars anyway.
Average taste, Great Price!!
Just average Chinese Food at this location, but price is decent enough to maybe come back.
I had their Orange Chicken, Fried Rice, Egg Flower Soup, and Fried Noodles.
All of this for around $7 at lunch.
The soup, fried noodles, and fried rice was just average.
I thought that the sauce on the Orange Chicken was a little too thick.
Looked like a sap bleeding off a tree.
Scary, almost tasted like it.
Restaurant is a little small, but it really doesn't get busy here.
Been only my 3rd time here and it's never been poppin'.
Service is pretty good though and I can't complain about that.
Prices are pretty good, service is great, and the food is just okay.
Their Egg Flower Soup on a cold day may be enough to maybe come back.
I have to admit, I've never been to a Cafe Rio until I moved to Las Vegas over 5 years ago.
I wasn't originally a fan because I was a Chipotle Die-Hard.
That was then, this is now.
I now dine at a Cafe Rio at least once a month because it's convenient, the food is pretty good, and I can make their meals as healthy or unhealthy as I want.
I rarely go to this location because there's just so many other options off Eastern Ave.
If I do come here, it's usually with a co-worker.
My co-worker is on a health kick recently.
I think he's one of those New Year Resolutioners.
He wanted something "clean".
Clean to him is switching from a Barbacoa Enchilada Burrito to a Chicken Enchilada Burrito with all the fun stuff.
He obviously loves Cafe Rio because he always picks this place.
I don't share his enthusiasm towards Cafe Rio, but I am a fan.
I always get the same thing at a Cafe Rio and that's 2-3 servings of their Fire Grilled Chicken with Cheese.
I don't put any of the sauces and usually skip the tortilla.
The meal is a lot better than plain chicken breast that's for sure.
The portions are huge only because I request extra meat.
Overall, I have no issues with the food and will continue to dine here.
TIP #1: This restaurant always seems to be busy regardless of the time.
TIP #2:  Wheat tortilla on request only

TIP #3:  The entire staff will yell "Extra Meat" if decide to pile it on.
Look up the Cafe Rio Extra Meat Legend on YouTube.
Hilarious!
I want extra meat!!
Extra Meat!!!
2017 Yelp Review #121


Sent from my iPhone
Ever hear that saying "muscle weighs more than fat"?
I don't know about you, but doesn't a pound of muscle weigh the same as a pound of fat?
You hear it all from time to time..."I'm not fat, I'm big boned", "it's baby fat", or "I weigh a lot because I have a lot of muscle" How do you know?
How do you really know if you've never been tested?
Yes, we can all do the eye test.
But if you're interested in knowing exactly where you stand with your body fat, you have to give Bod Pod a try.
Bod Pod Las Vegas is located in Summerlin inside Anytime Fitness.
I've been tested before, but only through BF calipers.
However, there's about a 5% variance with calipers.
In my opinion, that's way too big of a variance.
That's the difference between someone 15% BF and 20% BF.
The most affordable and closest to 100% accurate is the Bod Pod.
Here's the process:
1.
Set up an appointment.
Cost is $50 for one test or $100 for three.
http://leanbodymetrics.com/

2.
Don't eat or workout at least 3 hours before your appointment.
Before you arrive, you will need to come prepared with the correct clothing.
Very important to wear minimal, form-fitting clothing such as compression shorts.
Women can wear a swim suit.
Both men and women have to wear swim cap, which they can provide if you do not have one.
3.
Arrive at Anytime Fitness and complete a small questionnaire

4.
The Bod Pod is in a private room inside the gym.
You get weighed and then you sit inside the pod for 3 tests to ensure accuracy.
Dave is the best.
He'll explain the process and later cover the data.
5.
In less than 5 minutes, you get a print out of your body fat percentage, total body fat in pounds, and lean mass pounds/percentage.
From your numbers, you'll find out if you're risky (high body fat), excess fat, moderately lean, lean, ultra lean, or risky (too low).
Your overall numbers will also determine your resting metabolic rate (i.e.
what your daily calorie intake should be).
6.
You're done...Now, go eat and hit the gym.
This is some pretty exciting and motivating stuff.
You don't have to be a fitness pro, bodybuilder, or athlete to be tested.
If you're interested to finding out how much calories you need to gain or lose weight, looking to see if you're progressing in the right direction, or simply just want to know your true body fat percentage...then give Bod Pod a try.
PS:  For me, it's no longer how much or how little I weigh.
It's all about body composition.
The scale keeps track.
But it's my body fat percentage that keeps score.
Dropped 5+ percent body fat since my last testing.
Yes, I'm keeping score and winning.
Yeah Buddy!!!
Why the heck do I even write a review on a gas station?
First of all, they don't pump my gas.
They don't hand me my coffee.
Heck, their video poker machines don't even let me win.
This place is my first stop before work and sometime before I hit the city.
Usually for  coffee or an energy drink.
But what sets this place above anyone in my book is their service.
I'm always greeted when I walk in.
If lines get long inside, they always manage to open another register.
But even better, they once helped me when I locked my keys, phone, and wallet in my car.
They weren't allowed to let me use the phone inside, so one of the employees let me use his cell.
He was even off and ready to go home, but was kind enough to wait until I got my calls in.
Dear Ann Road Chevron,
    Don't be suprised if you receive a Christmas card from me.
Thanks for everything.
2 Stars and that's me being a little generous.
We arrived here after lunch with friends that are also Yelpers.
I'm not going to speak for them, but in my opinion, Ice Monster has some work to do.
Ice Monster Cafe is new and a couple of hiccups are to be expected, right?
They're new, clean, and a decent place to hang out at.
However, what's lacking is a knowledgeable staff and desserts that are worth the price that they have them at.
I had their Coffee Ice Cream, which is literally a small scoop of Blue Bunny Ice Cream.
Tasted good, but not worth the $5.95 price tag.
The biggest disappointment is the overall service.
My gf had a few questions about the items on their menu and the staff couldn't even speak to it.
They even stated that they could Google some of the items on the menu for us.
Really?
Google it??
I don't expect a new business/staff to be experts, but at least have some knowledge of what you're serving.
A few of my friends had orders that either took too long (ie.
20 minutes for boba) or were just wrong (i.e.
coffee instead of tea).
Overall, not a fan, not as good as it gets, but giving them a break with an "I've Had 
Better" only because they're new.
I'm sure they will improve and I hope they do.
I look forward to reading better rated reviews and I'm willing to give them another go when that time comes.
As for now, 2 stars are all they get from me.
PS:  The Check-In Offer reads "1 Free purchase of 2 items".
They're speaking Yoda and really mean "Buy 2 items and receive another 1 for free".
Disclaimer Alert:  This review is just on their donuts, not the main restuarant.
That being said, by the looks of their menu, there's an extensive line of breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Prices look decent, especially since America is inside a casino.
We arrived around 7:30 AM and there wasn't much of a line.
So, I'm sure we'll be back one day for some real food.
As for my review...it's all about their donuts.
I tried their maple bar with chocolate drizzle and some of their cronuts.
The maple bar wasn't as good as it looks.
The donut wasn't fresh, it was lacking any flavor, and for about $3, way to expensive.
However, I think America's has some of best cronuts that I've had in Las Vegas.
I have my favorite out there, but America had a unique taste to their's.
Their cronuts were layered with the outside of each layer having a crunchiness to them.
It was moist inside each layer and as you get closer to the center of this hybrid donut, it's even softer.
There's a uniquie citrus taste to these cronuts which appeals to me.
America may have bad maple bars, but sure made a huge comeback with delicious cronuts.
PS:  Additional photos of America's cronuts can be found here.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/donut-crawl-ii-las-vegas?select=IWJfpUAAiQK3e4zSSwB2Wg#IWJfpUAAiQK3e4zSSwB2Wg


YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (057/366)
Halloween Mart was a life saver for me on Halloween this year.
I procrastinated on a costume and was left trying to find something quick.
It was about 8 PM and almost everything was closed.
I yelped around and found this place.
I only had an hour and made my way here.
As soon as I arrived, the first thing I noticed was that I wasn't the only master procrastinator.
This parking lot was packed and this gave me flashbacks of my retail years working at Party City.
Before I walked in, I expected an unorganized and crowded mess.
I was wrong, just the opposite.
Halloween Mart knows Halloween!!
This place was well ran and I take it that they prepare for this.
One entrance and one exit to prevent the shoplifters from doing their thang.
Went in and was greeted by almost every employee.
I must have looked lost, because multiple different employees offered assistance.
I eventually found a quick custom and headed towards the line.
Line was long, but went quick.
I'm also told that this place is open all year round.
Selection and prices are bar none.
Kudos Halloween Mart for being organized, staffed properly, and being open during my time of need.
Next year, I will come early.
And yes, no dressing rooms here.
This is not my first time at Umami, but this was my first time at this location.
My first Umami experience was at The Camp in the OC.
I wasn't impressed with the service, the wait, and my burger at the OC location.
At the time, I thought Umami was just over-hyped.
After my experience at this location, I'm convinced...I know Umami is over-hyped.
Let's start with service.
We arrived around 1:40 PM on a busy football Sunday.
We were fortunate to get seated right away.
Our orders were taken fairly quick and our waitress was attentive.
The service and the wait at this location is 10 times better than the location in Orange County.
I just think we got lucky and had a good waitress.
The guests seating directly behind us weren't so fortunate.
I noticed that no one was attending to them.
After about 10 minutes, they left.
This Umami was packed with enough TV screens that there's no chance of missing any football action.
There's even a sports book right inside Umami.
If you're a fan of William Hill's Sports Betting, then you'll love the ambiance here.
I didn't place any bets because most of the afternoon football action was already closed.
Good for me.
That also means I didn't lose a cent.
I thought that the food was less than average.
We started out with their Smothered Fries, which is their thin fries covered with braised short ribs.
This wasn't bad, the burger on the other hand, was.
If you've been to Umami, then you know that their burgers look better than they taste.
First of all, Umami uses a thick or high bun.
The bun alone is about 4 inches high.
I think this is done intentionally to compensate for a weak burger patty.
I got the B.U.B, which is supposed to be 12 oz.
For a 12 oz burger, it was small, exceedingly greasy, and lacked taste.
The burger is so greasy and the bun so soggy from the grease that you're almost forced to eat your burger quick.
Otherwise, your burger will turn into an open face burger.
Yes, it gets all over the place.
I wasn't impressed with Umami.
I wasn't impressed at all.
Overall, I was disappointed with the food at Umami's.
The only reason this Umami gets 3 stars from me is because of their sports book and game day TV screens.
The Protein Source - Las Vegas (Southwest)

Got Protein?
Well, they do.
The Protein Source is conveniently located a couple of doors down from EoS.
The location is perfect if you're one of those gym goers that must have protein and/or carbs post-workout.
It's so obvious that the Protein Source was built by bodybuilders.
Everything is weighed and they never question you or give you a weird look if you're adding triple protein to you meal.
The Protein Source just gets it.
You'll find protein shakes, smoothies, protein bowls, wraps, protein bars, and supplements at The Protein Source.
They even serve breakfast pancakes and waffles.
The Protein Source is not just limited to healthy eaters, Bros, and IIFYMer's.
The Protein Source still has enough on their menu to satisfy anyone.
Yeah Buddy!!
For a ghost town of a shopping center, this Red Lobster is busy.
It's always busy, especially during lunch.
Once you get past the mini-wait, everything starts to fall in place.
Service at this Red Lobster has always been great.
There have been times I've come here on a limited lunch break and told our server.
To my surprise, they did what they can to get me and my group in & out.
On my most recent visit, I was craving a steak and also lobster.
Then I found what I thought was perfect.
It was their Lobster Steak meal.
But if you've been here before, you know what this is.
It's steak with lobster bits on top.
I expected a lobster and a steak.
My bad, I should have read the menu better.
Also, the price was fair.
As for their other food choices (from previous review):

-Bottomless Shrimp:  I don't know if this is daily or all the time.
But I have had it in the past.
Their fried shrimp has more batter than shrimp, but still pretty good.
-Seaside Shrimp Trio:  Is a favorite when in the mood for shrimp.
It's shrimp pasta, fried shrimp, and garlic shrimp

-Tilapia and Cod  I put these all together, but their cod is really good.
Big thick pieces of flaky fish.
Tilapia is prepared pretty good to.
Both are not fishy.
-Steaks:  Mixed reviews here.
I've had steaks here prepared either too dry or too greasy.
The steaks are not as good as a Ruth Chris' but definitely better than a Chili's or Denny's.
-Lobster:  My opinion, one of my favorites.
Portions small though.
-Stuffed Sole:  Tried once and only recently.
Did not fill me up, but still good.
Order an appetizer!!
-Glazed Chicken:  I know it's a seafood restaurant, but have stopped by for lunch just for their chicken breast.
About 7 total oz and usually have the sauce put on the side.
-Calamari and Fried Vegetables:  An oxymoron, but you'll find it all gone before your soup arrives.
Usually gone from me and yes, the only way I will eat vegetables.
-Red Lobster Biscuits:  Don't remember the actual name, but this is a must on every visit.
So good and perfect to dip into you chowder.
Overall, I recommend Red Lobster.
I've never had a bad experience and you get what you pay for her.
Price for seafood here is just about right for the quality you get.
Just be prepared for a little wait at this location.
I've been to this bar just a couple of times and if there's one thing that's consistent, it's the great bartenders.
I wouldn't necessarily call the Hard Hat Lounge a dive bar since it's not divey at all.
There's a small stage located at the corner of the bar.
You really can't miss it since the lounge is so small.
Drinks are comped if you're dropping at least $20 in the video poker machines.
In the mood for a burger?
Dish Function All Chefs currently occupies the kitchen.
They're known for their huge burgers and delicious sides.
We were excited to hear that Du-Pars was coming to this side of town last year.
In fact, it's almost a full year since they opened in the Suncoast Casino.
The downtown location is a lot busier, a lot smaller, and just a pain in the butt to go to.
This location is much more convenient.
I have never had to wait in line and the food is just as good.
My advice to all first timers is to get their hotcakes.
Their hotcakes is regarded as one of the best ever.
The secret to their stack is the amount of butter they throw on it.
It's completely drenched in butter, which is why you'll never have a dry or tasteless stack.
It's good.
I'm just not sure if they're the best all time.
The rest of the food is your typical breakfast items that you'll find at any other breakfast joints around town.
The portions are big and there's something for everyone.
My typical meal at Du-Pars is their Burger Patty Breakfast.
This meal is an 8 oz.
burger patty, 2 eggs, hash browns, and toast.
And of course, I'm throwing in a small short stack.
Price really depends on what you get here.
We have a lot more places serving breakfast in Vegas with a much lower price ticket.
As for service, it really depends when you go.
The weekends seem to be the best since it's busier and there's a lot more employees working.
2017 Yelp Review #126
Short Review:
It's all about their short ribs, the mac & cheese, and candied sweet potatos.
In my opinion, their prices are a bit high for what you get, especially on their sides.
Longer Review:
Pot Liquor CAS would be 4 stars from me if I all I got was their short ribs, their mac & cheese, and candied sweet potatos.
I have to admit, their short ribs is phenominal.
I'm not a pork fan, but couldn't resist seconds when the girlfriend offered to share.
Their short ribs are "fall off the bone" and literally melts in your mouth.
But that was my girlfriend's meal.
Their Texas Beef Briskets is what I ordered and was disappointed.
It's a good portion at around 8 oz, but that was the only thing good about it.
My briskets were rubbery, had no taste, and was dry at the same time.
I felt like I was eating a ham steak from a casino buffet not a beef brisket.
Good thing I had some of their mac & cheese and candied sweet potatos to wash it down.
I gave Pot Liquor 3 stars based on my overall experience.
The prices are a bit high, especially their sides, and the service was average.
As for their food...just stay away from their beef briskets unless you're craving a ham steak.
Strange thing...been going to Aliante off and on for the last couple of years.
Didn't notice until now that Cabo has been replaced by the Salted Lime.
I figured it was the same type food with the same "just okay" taste.
I was right and wrong.
Same type food, but Salted Lime is definitely an upgrade.
The Salted Lime reminds me of Pink Taco at the Hard Rock minus the crowds.
This restaurant has a bar on one side and the restaurant to the left.
With your meal you get a bottomless serving of chips.
These chips were airy, light, and fresh.
After after about 3 refills on our chips, we were ready for our main meals.
I got their beef chimichanga.
Because of the cheap price, expected a small bite sized chimichanga.
What I got was this mammoth of a burrito that was so good, crispy because it was deep fried, and juicy.
Who describes a chimichanga as juicy?
I just did and if you've had one from the Salted Lime, you would know what I am talking about.
I was a little disappointed in myself because for the first time in a long time, I did not finish my meal.
My mom didn't raise a quitter, but this was way too much food and quit is what I did.
Between 2 people our meals came up to $33, which is a bargain.
I don't frequent sit down Mexican Restaurants too often.
I actually prefer your small stands/joints that you find in California.
However, the Salted Lime has quickly changed my mind.
If I learned anything about the Salted Lime, it's come here hungry, prepared to eat, and don't over chomp on the chips.
PS:  Service here is great.
3 different employees stopped at our table just to chit chat and ask us about our meals.
Me and my boss (who happens to be a big Samoan) only ate half our meals.
Yes, the food portions were that big.
Sorry...no pictures.
First, I was with the boss.
Second, the portions were so big a picture would have killed my phone's battery.
Just your average Subway sandwich located in Centennial.
I was in the area craving meat, but because it was Good Friday, fish is the only thing that I can have.
I checked out Smashburger and Teriyaki Madness just in case they had fish options.
The answer was "no".
So, I settled for this Subway.
All I got was a 6 inch Tuna w/double tuna and zero condiments.
Because the mayo was missing, taste was no different than a can of tuna.
It did help that I had their tasty Honey Oat bread choice.
I've tried other meals from Subway in the past.
My favorites include their Steak and Chicken Breast.
Overall, my order was quickly made even though this place was packed for lunch.
Service was good and my meal was good en ought to sustain me for a few hours.
I use to frequent places like Subway all the time, but with places like Which Wich, Capriotti's, and Firehouse all over, places like Subway now become an after thought.
However, one thing that Subway has to offer is cheap eats, consistent taste, and great service from their sandwich artists.
I have to admit, I am impressed with the Grand Lux Cafe.
When you're in the Venetian and looking for a place to eat, you got high-end, food court, and their Grand Lux Cafe.
Just from the gold decor, attentive well-dressed attentive servers, and the ambiance, you'll start thinking this is a pricey restaurant to eat at.
Nope...the Grand Lux Cafe is very affordable and the prices for their cafe/grill food mimics a local Denny's or IHOP.
But that's the just the prices that mimics these chain branded restaurants.
Food quality, presentation, service, and selection is all top notch here at the Grand Lux Cafe.
In other words, you cannot go wrong here.
Grand Lux Cafe serves everything from breakfast to high quality meals like Filet Mignon.
Such a huge selection, I had to ask the waiter to give us extra time to decide.
In the meantime, we got our bread served and it was killed in minutes.
For dinner, we shared the calamari which is also served with fried vegetables and fried shrimp.
I don't eat vegetables, but there's something about fried vegetables that makes it go down better.
The calamari was delicious, lightly breaded, and wasn't rubbery.
Yes..I've had overly chewy and rubbery calamari, but not here.
Cristina P. had a salad and I got the Crispy Chicken Sandwich with a bowl of soup.
Let me add that there isn't a Crispy Chicken Sandwich on the menu, but all you have to do is ask and sometimes you shall receive.
My chicken sandwich was exactly how I expected it to taste...chicken breast that's golden fried, crunchy, tasty, and perfectly sandwiched in a hamburger type bun.
In all, I have to say that the Grand Lux Cafe is an easy stop if you're hungry, undecided, and in the Venetian.
There's plenty for everyone here and the price is better than most.
Stopped by this place for the 3rd time this week with some friends.
I was here on a Monday and found this place to be a more serious place for pool.
You're not going to find the fancy neon lights, the place doesn't smell of smoke (even though I smoke), and a bunch of teens acting the fool.
This is my type of pool hall.
My friends say this place gets busy during the weekend nights.
Not to sound boring, but I like a pool hall exactly like this.
A place where you can shoot and no one really bothers you.
A place where you can go by yourself and not get hustled for money.
Here are the weekday tournament rules.
If you haven't played here before, the place ranks you as high as a pro billiards shark.
I totally understand why they do this.
Once you get one tournament in, they will rank you properly.
I forget the name of the owner, but he's one of the coolest dudes.
One of the best pool halls I've been to in Las Vegas.
By the way, price is pretty damn good.
I'm use to 10 to 11 per hour to play.
This place is only about $5, I think.
My only cons are the video poker machines.
Video poker is one of my leaks.
I don't gamble much, but if I am in a casino, I will drop some coin in a video poker machines.
The graphics on these video poker machines must have been created by Atari or Activision.
I swear I was playing Space Invaders when I played their machines.
Where have I've been?
Why did it take me so long to have arepas?
These are just a few questions that I had to ask myself after I had my first bite of their Pabellon.
A few weeks ago was my first time to try Rika Arepa Express and also my first time to have arepas.
Because I have no comparison, Rika Arepa Express is as good as it gets.
So what's the big deal?
Lets start with the size of their Arepas.
Their Pabellon (shredded beef, black beans, cheese, and plantains) is ginormous.
The Pabellon is packed with about 3 oz of perfectly seasoned and shredded beef.
There is no way you will be disappointed with this one if you're a carnivore like me.
Stuff black beans, the cheese, and plantains and it's a match made in heaven.
Although all of this is good on its own, it's Rika's arepas that makes this meal a big deal.
The arepas is a flat bread made of corn and served warm with a little crunch to it.
My goodness...I couldn't wait to come back.
I didn't wait too long for round 2 and came back a few weeks later.
This time I had their Pollo Asado (chicken, mozzarella, and their Rika Chimi-churri sauce).
The Pollo Asado was pretty good, but I thought it needed more meat.
My opinion, the Pabellon was better.
Lesson learned...I will stick with what I like.
Pabellon ($6.00):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=AulzUqyw86jIqrRrBqrf-g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Pollo Asado ($6.50):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=oe6pZk2_yxkfvo0vtG47Gg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Tip To Self:  I love how their arepas are warm and crispy.
I may even ask if they can keep it grilled a little longer for some extra crunch.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (023/366)
Here's the rundown regarding Rollin Smoke BBQ;

1.
Huge, I mean gigantic portions.
See pictures for yourself
2.
No one can compete with their prices when it comes to BBQ.
3.
Hole in the wall type restaurant, my favorite type 
4.
Great service
5.
Conveniently located near my favorite type of clubs.
Joking...I think.
When I first met Heather H, the first thing that came out of her mouth wasn't "Hi, nice to meet you".
It was "have you been to Rollin Smoke?, You have to go there ASAP".
Actually, she did say "hi", but Rollin Smoke stuck in my head.
If you don't know Heather H, she's a well respected Yelper in the Las Vegas community.
And if Heather and her boyfriend love the food here, then it must be pretty damn good.
Read the reviews, rarely any complaints from anyone about Rollin Smoke.
When I found out that we were having dinner at Rollin Smoke one Friday evening, guess who I reached out to?
Heather H of course.
I thought it was funny that while she responded to my questions, she was also on her way to Rollin Smoke for lunch.
She's a die hard for sure.
As for her suggestions, she suggested something she never had and the rest of the menu.
I guess this means a Win Win situation for me.
My Meal:
Chicken and Ribs Combo:  Read this closely.
Don't look at prices because it's deceiving.
The portions are huge!!!
Portions are so big, that I only was able to finish half my chicken and one rib.
I loved the chicken BBQ.
It's cooked perfectly, chicken still tender (not dry), and the flavors poured out of it with every bite.
As for the ribs, I only had one and thought it was just okay.
I hate to admit that I've had better ribs elsewhere.
But for the price, it was a great deal.
Their mac and cheese is a must eat as well as their corn bread on steroids.
I finished the mac n cheese, but could only muster half my corn bread.
Both had a little kick to it.
Yes, even the corn bread had a kick to it.
Service was pretty good too.
You need to order at the counter and the food is served to you.
Like most BBQ places, the food does take a little time to cook so be patient and enjoy your company.
I ate a lot, Terri R ate a lot, and Chad S ate a lot.
I guess that equals to all of us eating a lot.
$40 for 3 people to eat on a Friday night is not bad at all.
It's such a bargain here that you'll even be left with a few bills to hit the nearby clubs and make it rain.
Chicken and Ribs Combo (Rib Portion):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#JzVJa44kXIqmrTwzsB0Vog

Chicken and Ribs Combo (Chicken Portion w/their Mac N Cheese):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#eBYim1tMqbyjwCSu_KomSA

Corn Bread:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#KCz1AngCp_JfBfBADzCf_A
Phoenix Sky Harbor use to be one of my favorite airports but over the years my thoughts of them have dimished.
Since 1998, I've been in and out through Sky Harbor because I use to work in Phoenix.
Back in the day, this airport was one of the better airports around (i.e.
free wifi, clean, big, easy, stress-free, etc).
I think this airport could use additional terminals and gates.
Even though this airport looks like Vegas' McCarran, it's nowhere near as stress-free as them.
Sky Harbor is known for their layovers and this means a ton of inside traffic.
This airport is so busy that all you hear is people, beep beep from the golf carts, and a ton of intercom messages from flights being delayed, cancelled, etc.
Try taking a nap at Sky Harbor, ain't happening.
Try finding somewhere to sit while you wait for your plane, good luck with that.
Another issue with the fact that this is an airport that has a ton of layovers is the travel between gates.
Usually layovers are around an hour which seems like plenty of time, but calculate the half hour early boarding time, rest room break, quick snack, and no concourse.
This leaves you rushing to your gate and hating life.
I guess that I never noticed these issues in the past because Phoenix was my destination.
There are some pros to this place like free hi-speed wifi, plenty of snack kiosks, and all the phone charging stations.
CELINE IS AMAZING!
Captivating, Great Experience, Her Voice, The Best, Her Voice, POWERFUL, Animated, MUST SEE WHEN IN VEGAS, Sometimes I am Frightened But I'm Ready to Learn, The Power of Love, Celebrating Our 3 Years, LAS VEGAS COLOSSEUM AT CAESAR'S, Rene Loves Celine, Celine Loves Rene, Sexy, Stunning, Entertainer, Worth It, 90 MINUTES OF AWESOME, No Regrets, She Changed 5 Times, HER VOICE, You Were My Strength When I Was Weak, You Were the Voice When I Couldn't Speak, I'm Everything I Am, Because You Loved Me, Up Close and Personal, $175 Orchestra Seats, Dranks are Expensive, All by Myself, Don't Wanna Be, All by Myself, Powerful, Videos of Her Twins.
NOT A BAD SEAT IN THE HOUSE, Lights, Camera, Lots of Action, Photos Okay, Video Not Okay, No Flash, Performed Purple Rain, RIP Prince, Sing Along, Rising in the East, Tale As Old As Time, Beauty & The Beast, I Admit I Know the Lyrics, Yes I Admit It, You Got a Problem With That?, I Drove All Night, To Get to You, Is That Alright?, Chrysler Commercial, Book in Advance, RIP Rene, You're Here, There's Nothing to Fear, My Heart Will Go On, Titanic, Jack Dawson Loves Rose, Celine Loves Us, We Love Her Back, 5 STARS!!
!, #Celine, #GOAT, #GoodTimes, #GreatTimes, #IdontEvenHaveTheInstagram, and That's the Way It Is.
I LOVE THIS SHOW.
THE END.
From 14 years old to 20 years old, it was tradition that our families got together to spend New Years in Las Vegas.
Being under-aged at the time, I couldn't enjoy much.
I thought that it was evil that when I finally turned 21, we ended our tradition.
So when I first turned 21, guess where I wanted my first Vegas experience to be.
That's right...Excalibur.
I graduated from Midway's Arcade and the Tournament of Kings to Black Jack and all night drinking.
Fast forward 15+ years and I'm still coming to Excalibur.
Minus the all night drinking and gambling.
Pros:
-Rooms are cheap.
Not Budge Suites cheap, but cheaper than the Mandalay.
-Great comps:  I don't play much, but own their player's card.
I get free rooms from time to time.
-Arcade:  When my baby girl and nephews are in town, this is where we go.
-Pool is kid friendly.
-Beer Pong:  Only when family is in.
2 AM Beer Pong gets the competitive spirits up.
-Loose:  Not the guest, but the slots.
My parents win here and they love their slots.
-Location:  One of the few casinos on the strip where it's easy in and out.
-Tournament of Kings:  Half price for locals and kids should experience it at least once.
-Remodeled Rooms:  Their remodeled rooms are clean and updated.
Lacking the smell of smoke.
-$5 Black Jack
-Poker Room:  Small but there's action from tourist that only know poker from ESPN.
-Dick's Last Resort

Cons:
-Parking: My suggestion if you're staying is valet and bell service.
-Some rooms are outdated.
Could have changed in the last year.
If you're reserving here, ask for their remodeled rooms.
It's a world of difference.
-Old:  Needs a serious remodel both inside and outside.
-Eats:  Buffet is just okay.
Upstairs is bunch of fast food that seems to have smaller portions and cost more.
Since I have more pros than cons, I have to give this place 4 stars.
Plus, it's one of my parent's favorites.
Also a place where I am taking my daughter and nephews when they're in town.
PS:  Message for my little girl since it's also her birthday today.
Daddy loves you.
Happy Birthday Honey Bunches of Oats.
See you soon.
Owner operated...America's Cleaners is my go to spot for dry cleaning.
I have some weird senses and one of them is the smell of certain things like the pavement after it rains, the scent of matches after it's been lit, and the smell of walking into a dry cleaners.
If you think I have issues, think again.
Who doesn't love the smell of fresh clothing?
My normal spot for dry cleaning was located about 20 minutes south and with the increase of gas prices, I knew that I had to make a change to somewhere close by.
America's Cleaners fit the mold and does the job right.
Prices here are about average.
About $3 for a shirt/pants, $7 for your jerseys, and $30 for your comforters.
I don't dry clean every weekly, but will spoil my bedding, jerseys, pants, and curtains every once in awhile.
Service here is always great, quick, and I have never had an issue.
TIP: $.75 additional charge for credit card transactions under $10.
First all, I swear that I've eaten at this Sushi Restaurant at least 3 times before.
Those visits were not so good and I wasn't impressed  However, I have changed my opinion just off my last couple of visits.
My visits here have always been lunch and it's usually their AYCE.
AYCE Lunch is $18.95 and Dinner is $21.95.
Price is about average for Las Vegas.
What I like about Naka is that you can get half rolls, which means more sampling for me.
My Ratings:
-Teriyaki Chicken w/Brown Rice:  Pretty good.
I admit that it taste better with white rice.
But I feel better about myself if I get the brown rice.
-Calamari:  Literally 4-5 pieces.
Taste good, but don't expect a dish full of fried squid.
-Mr O Roll:  This is basically a lobster roll and very tasty.
The roll isn't tight like other places and I use to be a snob about this.
But it all goes down the same and its the taste that counts.
Besides, a loose roll to me is basically a mini hand roll.
-Arizona Roll:  When it comes to sushi, I am bit boring.
Regardless where I eat sushi, I usually get a Spicy Tuna, something with tempura shrimp inside, and an Philly Roll.
The AZ Roll is basically all three in one.
Good combination and the best of both worlds.
-Tuna Nigiri:  They requested that I try it.
Pretty good.
-Yellow-tail Nigiri:  My 2nd favorite.
Small, but fresh.
Besides it's all you can eat so order more.
-Tempura Green Tea Ice Cream:  I have yet to find someone that makes a really good deep fried ice cream or tempura ice cream.
Best I've had was in a Chinese Restaurant in Rome Italy.
Not flying out there for tempura ice cream so this will have to do.
Still good, but wish the ice cream was softer

Service is great from the bar.
Like most sushi restaurants, you are not neglected if you are sitting at the bar.
I did notice that guest in the normal dining area had to wait a little longer for their waiter to get them their food while I got mine with the quickness.
My only issue, which is not a big deal since I only go here for lunch, is the size of this restaurant.
It's small and I can't imagine what a busy night must feel like.
Dear Darren & Team Poke Express,
     Cheers!!
Congratulations on opening another location.
Congrats on another 5 Star Yelp Average.
I'm in agreement with almost all the Yelpers I know.
Poke Express is the best in Las Vegas.
You're 2nd to None!!
You deserve all the praise.
If you noticed in the last year, a lot of poke bowl places opened their doors.
Yes, they're "Hot and New".
And yes, they get a lot of traffic and hype.
I've tried a few of them and they're good, just not Poke Express good.
In fact, it wouldn't even be fair to compare them to you because they just don't measure up.
Quality Poke?
You got this!
I don't have a favorite.
I tend to mix it up on every visit.
Great service?
You got that too.
Thank your team for always treating me well.
I'm at your OG location often and so glad this location is just as awesome.
You are my last review for 2016.
I saved the best for last.
Okay, Poke.
It's time to go.
Thank you and have a Happy New Year.
-Mel C

Tips for Yelpers:  
-Undecided?
They offer samples.
You can't go wrong with any of their poke.
-The Spicy Mayo is addicting.
Get a spoon so you don't miss a spot.
Yelp Review #1000
The Silverton Casino was once one of those temporary homes for me when I first moved here.
My temp stays were either at South Point or the Silverton due to one big thing...that's price.
This casino/hotel is small, clean, and the rooms are cheap.
The rooms itself are set up to mimic a lodge, at least that's what Silverton attempted to do.
My favorite at his hotel is their room service.
The menu is fairly extensive and since I became a regular at one point, I was able to develop a good relationship with the room service staff.
Yes, they hooked it up and took care of me.
As for the casino floor, the gaming is average with minimal action.
Some other highlights include their scuba mermaid aquarium, one of the largest Bass Pro Shops, and super cheap Happy Hour.
Only downfall with his hotel is that it's far from the strip.
If you're here, then your options are limited to just this casino unless you're willing to drive a little.
Phillips Seafood is one of Caesar's restaurants located in their food court.
I was hungry, got in line, and asked the cashier what she recommended.
She said that the lobster roll is really good and it's also their highest seller.
That being said, I got their Mahi Mahi Sandwich with waffle fries.
The sandwich looked good, but tasted like cardboard.
My meal had no taste at all with the exception of the waffle fries.
Take my advice, stay away from Mahi Mahi Sandwich.
After my meal, I walked by Phillips Seafood and the cashier asked me if I enjoyed my sandwich.
I lied and told her it was okay.
Her response "you should have gotten the lobster roll".
Tip to Self: If there's a next time, listen to the cashier.
2016 Yelp Review #21
The Wynn Fountain Show is located at the corner of Sands Ave and Las Vegas Blvd across from the Palazzo and Fashion Show's Cloud.
I'm not going to lie.
Wynn's fountain isn't as grand or awesome as Bellagio's.
Wynn's fountain is a lot smaller, each performance a lot shorter, and there's less crowds.
But this doesn't mean that the fountain isn't worth seeing.
The Wynn Fountain Show is non-stop, paired with music, and shines at night with the array of different colors.
In a way, you can say that Wynn's fountain is a cuter version of Bellagio's and a perfect ending to the movie Ocean's One if it ever existed.
By far, my favorite Steiners in Las Vegas.
I used to live at the high rise across the street so I was here a lot.
Now that I moved a bit north, I'm only here about once every two months.
Can get very busy after 5pm so I choose to come here during lunch.
Regardless of who the staff is, they always manage to make you feel like you're home.
Tried almost everything on the menu with no complaints.
I recommend this Steiners.
Been to 2 others and there's no comparison.
First of all, I can't believe that this is my first review of BabyStacks (formerly BabyCakes).
I've been to Baby Stacks a ton of times and it's this specific location that happens to be my favorite.
Then I realize, my visits were all before I started Yelping.
BabyStacks use to be a staple for breakfast before I moved out here.
The restaurant is small and can get crowded, but once you're seated be prepared for a breakfast treat worth bragging about.
I'm not embarassaed to admit, there was a time I was here weekly.
From service to their food, you cannot go wrong with this place.
-Red Velvet Pancakes:  This is what they are known for and if you haven't tried it, it's a must.
Review the photos and tell me you can't resist.
-White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Pancakes:  This is actually my favorite stack here.
Imagine eating your favorite Macadamia nut cookie transformed to a fluffy pancake.
-Garlic Rice:  My favorite dangerous dish all time.
The rice looks plain, but it's so good and melts in your mouth.
Who describes rice to melt in your mouth?
I do, that's who.
This another suggestion.
-Adobo Fried Rice:  One of my newer favorites here.
Not as big as say Aloha's Kitchen, but I think it's better in taste.
A healthy serving of rice and chicken Adobo wrapped in an egg omelet.
-Loco Moco:  Hit and miss with their Loco Moco's.
Sometimes it's really good and sometimes it's just okay.
I think it's maybe due to the fact I think Hawaiian BBQ makes the best Loco Moco.
-The Others:  Then you got the traditional stuff that will not disappoint like eggs, sausage, their Portuguese sausage.
Their Portuguese sausage is also very good.
If you're visiting Vegas, BabyStacks is sure to be one of your highlights.
After you've tried BabyStacks, you will not be impressed with the others out there.
Trust me on this one.
10 Steps to a Nice Date on the Strip...
Step #1:  Make a reservation to Giada De Laurentiis' new restaurant, GIADA.
GIADA is new and reservations are a must.
My suggestion, request a table with a view.
Step #2:  Review the menu online.
You can also read the good, okay and bad reviews on Yelp.
GIADA's menu includes Italian dishes, with Giada's personal touches to them.
Menu consists of antipastas, soups, salads, pastas like Spah-geh-tee, ree-gah-TOH-neh, ree-ZOHT-oh, & Rah-VEEOH-lee, and main dishes like rib-eyes, salmon, chicken, rack of lamb, veal, and steak.
And let's not forget the sides...asparagus, potatoes, sweet corn, etc.
Step #3:  Arrive for your reservation.
GIADA is located in the Cromwell and their entrance is on Flamingo just east of Las Vegas Blvd.
I suggest valet at the Cromwell.
For those of you that wish to take a stroll through the Linq or walk off dinner, then park at the Linq.
Step #4:  Check in and wait in their lobby's comfortable seating.
The lobby also sports a photo booth where you can take instant pictures.
These pictures can be printed on the spot (we didn't print our since the printer was busted), uploaded on Twitter, and/or uploaded to The Facebook.
Step #5:  Your hostess will take you to your table.
You server will arrive shortly for your drink order and of course, drop off some carbs (i.e.
breads and spreads) and some of their $8 water.
You smell that?
Yup, it's fresh Las Vegas Strip air.
The restaurant has retractable windows (opened when we dined) and a good view of the strip.
Step #6:  Check out the menu one last time and make your decision.
For me, it was the Orzo Meatballs and Risotto (crab & scallops).
My beautiful date had the Spaghetti and Lobster Arancini.
Step #7:  Enjoy the view.
That means phones down, no Yelping, no texting, and no Facebook.
My gf had a pretty good view of Caesar's and the Bellagio Fountains.
My view was the gf.
My thoughts....I had the best view.
Step #8:  Food arrives and it's time to eat.
Okay, bring the phones back out for some pictures if you do that kinda thing.
To be frank, our food pictures are really unnecessary since almost every food photo is already posted on Yelp.
Just remember, there's only one original fork pic.
As for our meal, I loved mine and my gf's.
Yes, we tend to sample each other's dishes because that's what Yelpers do.
Everything tasted good, presentation was as good as it gets, and the portions were just right (enough that kept your satisfied, not too much that your belly couldn't afford dessert).
Step #9:  Decide or have one of their Italian doughnuts, cookies, Tiramisu, gelato, or sorbets for dessert.
We passed since we already had dessert lined up elsewhere

Step #10:  Repeat.
I look forward to trying their lunch next time.
PS:  I have to mention the overall service at Giada.
5 Stars for the service here.
Our hostess and servers were great.
The Manager made multiple stops at our table to check on us and on the way out, he went out of his way to thank us for dining here.
Kudos, Giada!
So far, I'm a fan.
I've had a true Philly cheesesteak a few times in my life and admit, Straight From Philly makes a mean, true to Philly tasting cheesesteak.
I've never had Pat's, but have sampled Geno's.
And if you ever tried Geno's and liked their's, then you'll love what Straight From Philly has to offer.
They hook it up here with big portions and low prices.
The staff is great, very professional, and the restaurant is clean.
So, why the 3 stars?
First of all, 3 stars is not horrible.
In my opinion, Straight From Philly is just okay.
I've never been a huge fan of a legit Philly cheesesteak, especially since most that I've tried have been flavorless and greasy.
Straight From Philly is no different.
I prefer a juicy not greasy steak burger over a cheesy, greasy cheesesteak any day.
My opinion about Straight From Philly is just that, my opinion.
When it comes to a cheesesteak made the way it's suppose to be made, Straight From Philly does it right.
I'm just not a fan.
I don't think I could ever give a Best Buy less than 4 stars unless the service is lacking.
But that would be rare since I usually know what I'm looking for.
Good thing because customer service isn't too great at this Best Buy.
I haven't personally experienced poor service, but have witnessed other customers get the run around.
Actually, I should own stock at this specific Best Buy.
This one is located right across from Red Rock Casino, which means danger for me.
I don't know how many times I've won at Red Rock and ended up buying something that I really didn't need here.
This location is average size compared to the rest of the Best Buys out there.
The prices here about average as well.
The selection isn't as great as Fry's, but the prices tend to be better.
TIP:  Best time to buy a TV is mid to late January.
This is when the new models come out for the Super Bowl.
This means discounts on last year's models.
Squeeze In - Las Vegas, NV (Fort Apache Location)

Breakfast for lunch,
That's how I do it.
I dined at Squeeze In,
So I can review it.
All you can eat spuds,
and even the toast.
They're known for their omelets,
I liked the Hangover the most.
Want bacon and sausage?
Oh Yes, please!
The Hangover's got it,
with a ton of cheese.
I really wanted to hate this place,
What did I just say?
If you're not happy with your omelet,
You don't have to pay.
That's their motto, 
I had nothing to lose.
They have a lot more to offer,
Just read the reviews.
They're omelets are awesome,
What else can I say?
It's definitely hearty,
and took my breathe away.
Krista my server,
was as nice as can be.
She kept my drinks full,
and took great care of me.
So, if it's omelets you crave,
Squeeze In's a winner.
Just get here early,
because they're closed for dinner.
I really wanted to love this place and I did.
Jefe's Taco Shop sure gets a lot of Yelp love with a 5 star average.
I admit it.
I was a little skeptical about the reviews, especially since I didn't know many of the Yeeps that reviewed this place.
But then I tried them for myself and Voila!
5 Stars from me too.
5 for 5!
Here are my 5 reasons for giving Jefe's 5 Stars.
1.
The service here is consistent.
You can say it's hit or hit.
Service is awesome.
Ben, the owner, is awesome.
Plus, he's from America's Finest City.
That makes him awesomer.
2.
The Breakfast Burrito:  It's huge and can feed a party of 4.
Or, just one Mel C.  Ben didn't think I can finish a Breakfast Burrito with extra extra meat, an order of rolled tacos, a street taco, and a quesadilla in one sitting.
Guess What?
That's right.
I deMELished it.
I was full and wanted to quit.
But when something taste so good, you just don't want to give up.
3.
The Beef Rolled Tacos w/Sour Cream & Cheese:  So good, crispy, tasty, and had a lot of meat.
4.
Price: Everything is priced about right.
Remember, portions are huge.
5.
Home:  Yes, Jefe's reminds me of home.
In my opinion, nobody does taco shops as good as the 619.
Jefe's comes pretty damn close.
Bottom line...if I could afford the calories, I'd be here every day.
TIP:  Don't get this place confused with Tacos El Jefe's off Charleston.
Not even close.
I could swear that I have reviewed this place before, especially since this is the casino that I go to the most.
Snapshot:
-Not close to the strip.
You can definitely avoid the "Vegas Baby!!"
group here.
This can be considered a "Pro" or a "Con" depending on what your preference is.
-The Sports book:  My favorite sports book, but also one of the smallest.
You will find yourself standing if you're not early enough.
Enough Niner Fans here too.
Got Five?, We Do.
-My opinion, one of the cleanest and better Station Casinos.
-Poker Room:  One of my favorite poker rooms in Vegas.
I still like M's, but this is one I play at the most.
Tons of pros here, so watch your stack.
The players definitely know what they're doing.
Probably less variance playing on the strip during the weekends, but I mainly come for the fun.
I'm not trying to make an income here.
-Drinks:  I don't drink much, unless friends and family are visiting.
But when I'm here, there's one waitress that has my drink already memorized.
All I have to do is say the regular and she gets it.
Sometimes it's even just eye contact.
-Restaurants I've Tried:  Feast, Yard House, Grand Cafe, Rubio's, and Tropical Smoothie.
Last time I ate at Tropical Smoothie, they started my order before I even ordered it.
I guess I am a creature of habit or just come here way too much.
I like all the restaurants here.
Good enough to fill you.
The Yard House can get a bit crowded though.
-Parking:  Never crowded, even Saturdays I'm parking close enough.
-Bowling:  Not has many lanes as South Point or Orleans, but also not hard to get a lane.
They also do a good job organizing bowling work events.
4 stars for their bowling room.
1 star for my bowling score.
-Movie Theater:  Watched a movie only a few times here.
Can't complain unless the movie sucked.
-Hotel Rooms:  Only stayed here when I got my free offers.
In the summer, I definitely take advantage so I can get access to their pools.
The rooms aren't the biggest, but clean and reminds me of Aliante.
Or Aliante's remind me of Red Rock's.
-Pool:  I think it's one of the better pools in Vegas.
Yes, you have to experience the strip hotel pools or Hard Rock's Rehab at least once.
But this pool is chill and you can actually get your drinks without having to wait forever.
-Concerts:  I haven't watched a concert here yet, but have been told that the venue is big and well organized.
This is my favorite casino in Vegas.
I know there's a lot better on the strip.
Just inconvenient to hit up the strip all the time, especially on weekends.
Only during the NFL season that you can consider me a regular here.
Usually here to watch the Thursday, Sunday, and Monday games.
At the same time, I'm donating to the players in the poker room.
I recommend this place for both, locals and out of towners.
It's definitely a change from the casinos on the strip.
Less crowded, clean, and plenty to do.
PS.
Honey, if you're reading this.
Remember, daddy loves you.
It's the weekend, but don't sleep too late.
Love you.
My favorite Sports Authority in Las Vegas.
Not the biggest, but the one that I go to the most.
I actually prefer Sports Authority over other sport goods.
Why?
Well, it's because of all the deals.
-Rewards:  Spend a little dough and you get coupons in the mail all the time.
It's not uncommon for me to buy $50+ in merchandise and spend less than $10 out of my own pocket.
-Check In Deals:  Check in and you get $10 off purchases over $50.
This store is clean and the staff is always willing to assist.
I find it ironic that I can find Under Armour, Nike, and Adidas athletic wear here over the actual stores.
Plus, it's cheaper here due to advertised deals.
I don't always find what I'm looking for when I stop at a Sports Authority, but that doesn't stop me paying them a visit at least once a month.
PS:  My last big purchase here was a stationary bike about 5 months ago.
Great price and perfect clothes rack.
Hobak You Rock!
What can I say,
that hasn't been said before?
You'll smell some of the best BBQ,
as you walk through their door.
I knew dinner would be good,
I had that hunch.
It was more than just good,
So we came back for lunch.
There's never a wait,
It's all you can eat dishes!
I'm just messing with you,
Those are just some of my wishes.
Chopsticks as utensils, 
but requested a fork.
I stuck to the Angus, 
because I don't do pork.
The servers cook the meats for you, 
which is my favorite part.
The options are simple, 
Combos or ala carte

Go for the skirt steak,
It's packed with flavor.
Trust me when I say it,
it's the best stuff ever.
You just can't go wrong here,
Talk about quality meats.
I hope you saved some room,
for some desserts and sweets.
I prefer the green tea ice cream,
and here's my take.
It's an ice cream sandwich,
made with a crispy rice cake.
Overall I recommend.
That goes without saying.
I'll end this rhyme now without delaying.
Hobak is new and hip, 
maybe the greatest of all time.
Good service, quality meats, 
and worth every dime
Yes, we had Wing Stop for lunch.
And Yes, I am reviewing this place.
Located near UNLV and in the same parking lot as Seafood City, Wing Stop is one of those places where they're known for just their wings and sports bar type feel.
We had lunch here because we wanted something quick, didn't want to drive too far from Seafood City, and needed some protein.
There's protein in it chicken, right?
We ended up sharing 12 pieces of their boneless Garlic Parmesan chicken.
Taste wise was okay and this got me realizing that I should have opted for their plain boneless chicken.
Service wasn't bad, but the food did take a little longer than expected.
As for the restaurant, it's spacious with enough TV's playing ESPN.
My biggest issue, that was an immediate turn off for me, was the smell of mop water upon walking in.
A clean towel to wipe down the tables would have been nice, just saying.
Just Alright.
Really not a bad indoor swap meet, but I just can't find it in myself to give them any higher than 3 stars.
This is probably the best "indoor" swap meet in Las Vegas and also houses a wide range of merchandise.
Like the other swap meets, you can find deals in phone accessories, shoes, clothing, luggage, and some T's.
This one also has some sports memorabilia, furniture, artwork/prints, and even furniture.
Quality at this swap meet is a definitely better than Rancho's.
This place is also more organized, cleaner, and even busier than Rancho's.
Only $1 for admission, which is worth it if you're looking for that steal.
TIP:  If you like beef jerky, check out Sun's Beef Jerky.
Sun's Beef Jerky is some of the best freshly made jerky I've ever had.
Better than Alien Jerky.
It's pricey with a small bag costing $5 and a larger bag costing $10.
The very nice Thai lady working the counter will give free samples if you ask.
Been over a year and a half since I had their jerky and on my last visit she even commented that I never come by anymore.
Wow...what a memory she has?
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #2

Jollibee got the honors for our next Halo-Halo Challenge.
They say pictures are worth a 1000 words.
Well, when we walked into Jollibee, Bam!
In our face was a beautiful sight...a poster of a perfectly made cup of Halo-Halo.
For about $5, I was hoping we got exactly what the picture demonstrated...ube ice cream, flan, sweetened condensed milk, red beans, green jelly, and coconut packed in shave ice.
I think a little ube syrup was even added just for show (see pictures).
Our Halo-Halo tasted as good as expected.
And with the Vegas heat that evening, our dessert only tasted that much better.
Our Halo-Halo was sweet, cool, and had enough of the minimum ingredients to keep me satisfied until our next challenge.
So far, I'm a fan of Jollibee's Halo Squared.
My only issue...I wish there was more flan and some legit ube (not ice cream).
PS: For an appetizer before our Halo-Halo Challenge, I tried their Beef Tenders (Tapa).
This was basically seasoned and caramelized beef steak, eggs, and rice.
So good and a perfect quick meal before any Halo-Halo Challenge.
Halo-Halo:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jollibee-las-vegas-2?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ#Cot3wGtkvTNtq_OTutVyzA

2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:
Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
Contender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:self
Contender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ
Contender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self
Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw
Contender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg
Contender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA
Contender #8 (Fiesta Filipina):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
Pollo Campero - North Las Vegas, NV

To Whom It May Concern,
    The Fried Chicken at Pollo Campero is not good, it's fork licking amazing.
I enjoyed every bite of their hand-breaded fried chicken, especially the dark meat.
Every piece was full of flavor, fully cooked (no blood), still juicy, and the breaded skin is just awesome.
Pollo Campero is also known for their Citrus Grilled Chicken.
That was good too.
But in my opinion, the citrus kick was a bit overwhelming and took away from the chicken.
Obviously, I prefer the hand-breaded fried chicken over the citrus grilled.
I can't forget their plantains.
I'm allergic to most fruits and willing to take a risk because they're so good.
Pollo Campero easily gets 4 Stars for their food.
Easy!!!
However, our dining experience wasn't the greatest.
I know that the lines, both drive-thru and inside, can get a bit long.
I also hear that the wait can take over 45 minutes.
We knew this and arrived 10 minutes before opening.
And yes, we were one of the first peeps in line.
I don't have an issue with the long lines.
Long lines should be expected if the food is good.
I did have an issue with the fact that no one seemed prepared to handle customers in a timely manner.
None of the registers were opened and ready for business when we entered the building.
And since the registers or cashiers weren't ready, we all had to wait about 10 minutes to place our orders.
I understand system problems.
I even understand employee "call offs".
But this wasn't a system problem and the place seemed fully staffed.
That was issue #1.
Issue #2...we ordered the 8 pc mix (fried & grilled) We received 8 fried chicken pieces, missing the citrus grilled.
We questioned this and was told that there was an additional 7 minute wait for their grilled chicken.
Instead of just telling us this ahead of time, Pollo Campero decided to give us a meal that we didn't order.
And finally, we forgot or was never offered any sauces.
We asked for a few sauces and was told that each sauce is an additional cost of $.85.
Pollo Campero told us that they will not charge us this time because of the whole "wrong order" fiasco.
Gee thanks!
The sauce is good, but not worth the extra expense.
Besides, it's not awesome sauce.
Overall, I enjoyed the food and wasn't impressed with the service.
Will I be back?
I'm pretty sure I will.
I agree with Pollo Campero that their food is "Flavor You Can't Campero".
I also agree with a lot of the Yelp reviews regarding the service.
My thoughts...The Service is not Preparo.
At least, not yet.
Sincerely,
      Mel C.
This review is for Palace Station Hotel and Casino now.
If you asked me 15 years ago, I would have given this place 5 stars.
Pros:
-Close to the strip
-Station Casino:  I have room, food, and play comps at Station Casinos.
-Parking
-Family:  My parents stay here a lot and love it.
-Sports Book:  Only reason why I was here.
Cons:
-Old and Aged
-Smells:  Place literally smells like an ash tray
-Small

Palace Station definitely needs a remodel.
Compared to most hotels on the strip, this place is less than average.
However, my parents love this place.
When they come up to visit me, this sometimes stay here.
They claim that this is one of the best casinos near the strip to win out.
I wouldn't know since I don't play slots.
As long as their happy, then I'm happy.
But for me, Palace Station just isn't for me.
Quick Review:
Cleanliness:  4 stars
Staff:  4 stars
Food (taste/portion):  2 stars
Price:  1

Good stuff first...restaurant was clean and staff is as good as it gets.
Now for the bad stuff.
This visit was for one thing only....their Ostrich Burgers.
For those that haven't had Ostrich before, here's the scoop.
-Low fat, about 5 grams
-Low calories about 194 (minus the bun)
-High protein, at least 40 grams
-Taste: Like Beef

Always been a fan of Ostrich and had it at least once a month.
In the California Fuddruckers, ostrich was eliminated from their menu due to cost.
I asked fellow Yelpers out here and Cat C. suggested to try Fuddruckers in Summerlin.
Thanks Cat C!!!
I bookmarked it and made a call.
Sure enough, they confirmed that this location still had it.
As soon as I arrived, I noticed that the prices are still $9.99 for their exotic burgers.
Their exotics consist of Elk, Wild Boar, Buffalo, Salmon, Turkey, and Ostrich.
Ostrich didn't have the $9.99 price, it was labeled "Market Price".
Market Price for an Ostrich Burger was $13.99 on tonight's visit.
Keep in mind that this didn't include fries or a drink.
This was bit higher than what I'm used to paying, but I just had to have it.
Then the cashier (possibly one of the supervisors) stated that all their exotics are no longer 1/2 lb burgers.
All have been reduced to 1/3 lb.
This only made the $13.99 price for a burger now even more expensive.
Again, just had to have it.
She felt bad for me and hooked me up with a drink.
Wow, but it's the thought that counts.
I gave this place an overall 3 stars because the price and portions.
Their service and cleanliness actually boosted their status to me.
Only had the Ostrich at this location and it was so good.
Just a bit expensive in my opinion.
I've tried their other exotics at some point.
Here's my thoughts on them.
-Turkey Burgers:  Actually prefer Island's or Red Robin's
-Buffalo:  Taste and quality pretty good.
My only issue is the after taste
-Elk:  A bit dry and the after taste is like Buffalo
-Wild Boar:  Never again.
Imagine what a wild boar looks like.
Then imagine what it would taste like.
Yes, that's what you get.
I'm still on my quest for a good ostrich burger at a decent price.
Due to the economy, all their exotics have been reduced to 1/3 lbs compared to 1/2 lbs a year ago.
I still know locations in San Diego that have ostrich burgers, but we're taking a 5 hour drive.
And plus, it's possible that they too have either eliminated ostrich or up'd the prices.
Fork & Burger!
5 stars just for the name alone.
I bookmarked this place after reading Bethany E's stellar review a few weeks ago.
I knew it was just a matter of time when I would finally get my fork into one of their burgers.
I specifically wanted January's Burger of the Month, which is two patties, 4 thick slices of bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and onions.
Fork & Burger named this burger the Resolution Buster Burger because it's high in calorie, high in fats, and well worth cheating on your weight-loss New Year resolution.
I don't do resolutions.
So, it's all good.
I just dined here today and since it's no longer January, the burger is no longer on the menu.
I knew that F&B couldn't resist my charm and made one for me any way.
Heck, it doesn't hurt to ask, right?
The burger is stacked, very delicious, and worth every extra minute of cardio that I have to do tonight.
At only $12.50, this beast of a burger is a deal.
The thick pieces of bacon are strategically placed between each patty and cheese, which means bacon & cheese on every bite.
Fork & Burger's menu consist of burgers (of course), sandwiches, breakfast, and salads.
Everything on their menu seems to be priced just right or better.
I look forward to coming back for their breakfast, the patty melt, and their other specialty burgers.
Fork & Burger may not be Yelp famous yet.
But they have been recognized by Yelp HQ as a business with a 4.5 star average.
I'm so glad that I was working in the area today.
Fork & Burger is good As Fork!!
TIP #1:  Located off Valley View & Post.
TIP #2:  Look for their Burger of the Month
TIP #3:  The Sloppy Jack (Turkey, Pepper Jack Cheese, & FB Sauce) is their signature burger
TIP #4:  They deliver.
Check out their website for restrictions.
TIP #5:  Churro pancakes and fresh baked cookies at F&B
TIP #6:  They supply outlets and cables to charge your phones.
2017 Yelp Review #122


Sent from my iPhone
I don't know why Chipotle gets such a bad rap.
Before the whole e-coli scare, this Chipotle had lines out the door.
Now, it's always empty.
It also doesn't help that Blaze Pizza is right next door.
I've been to this location just a handful of times.
It's been dead every single time.
Ordering is easy and the service is always great.
My go-to meal is their Chicken 3-Pointer (2 or 3 scoops of chicken & cheese).
The food is just okay.
If I'm at Chipotle it's only because I'm trying to get my protein up.
2017 Yelp Review #46
MTO is a local establishment that specializes in breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
What do you know?
That's also my top 3 favorite times to eat.
Their motto is simple...fresh comfort food.
Their known for their Hangover Burger (its okay), the Kentucky Fried Chicken (Yum), and their Chicken Pot Pie (never tried).
I recommend the MTO Breakfast for $14.99 if you're undecided.
It's my favorite and includes 3 eggs, chicken sausage, turkey bacon, real bacon (the good stuff), spam, potatoes, and your choice of bread.
When I get bored with this meal, I'll substitute the whole eggs with egg whites or pancakes instead of bread.
They can do that here because the food is MTO aka "made to order".
The rest of the items on their menu is good too, except the steak.
The best deal at MTO has to be their free cookie if you Check-In to Yelp.
MTO is a safe bet whenever I'm hungry, craving eggs, and in Downtown Summerlin.
2017 Yelp Review #58
Santa Fe Station Casino has a couple of good food options.
My favorites include the Oyster Bar and Charcoal Room.
But when I'm behind on my meals and need something quick, sometimes the food court is my only option.
I was looking for something that was high in protein and very, very high in fat.
Fatburger was the only place that fit these requirements.
I got their XXL Burger w/cheese.
It's only 8 oz., but still big enough to keep me satiated for at least 2 hours.
Fatburger doesn't use frozen patties, only the fresh stuff.
I skipped the fries and eventually dumped the bun.
I got my burger and it was one fried mess.
I was surprised that it was actually pretty good.
The burger satisfied my gut and gave me the nutrients that I was looking for.
The service was better than average.
The cashier did a great job taking my money, handing me my change, and giving me a receipt.
By the way, the meal is free if they fail to give you a receipt.
The cook was very efficient and cooked my burger in less than 10 minutes.
Overall, I can't say I'm a huge fan.
The burger did its purpose.
2017 Yelp Review #75
Sin City Smokers is Hot & New.
Actually, they're not new to Las Vegas.
Sin City Smokers is known around town as one of the best BBQ catering businesses in Las Vegas.
They're also known throughout the country and have placed 1st place for "Best Ribs" a ton of times.
Check out their trophy cage located inside their restaurant.
It's pretty impressive.
I heard rumors over a year ago that Sin City Smokers was planning on opening a restaurant in Las Vegas.
And finally, they're here.
Sin City Smokers is known for their ribs, but it's the brisket that brought me here.
If they have good ribs, they must have a good brisket too.
Besides, I usually skip pork and not a huge ribs guy.
The menu isn't stacked like the rest of the BBQ restaurants in town.
Their meats consist of ribs, hot links, BBQ chicken, and brisket.
Pick your meat and then choose how you want it served.
I chose to have the brisket with their Texas toast.
I have to admit, the brisket is one of the best that I've had in Las Vegas.
The brisket was a combination of fatty and lean, which is just how I like it.
It was also tender and had that smoked flavor to it.
It's a good thing that the brisket was good because the Texas toast was a little dry.
The brisket was so good that I ended up eating it by itself with no sauces.
If I had an issue with their brisket, it's the portion size.
I got about 6 oz.
of brisket for $9.99.
Additional sides are $2 and I got their Maple Bacon Baked Beans.
This was pretty good.
I just thought it was a little small (less than a cup) for the price.
Overall, I have mixed feelings about Sin City Smokers.
Las Vegas has a lot of BBQ restaurants in town, especially in Henderson.
For the price I paid, I'm used to getting about 8 oz.
of meat, sometimes two different types, and two sides.
Also keep in mind that they don't hook it up here.
The menu is also missing beef ribs, tri-tip, burnt ends, turkey, etc.
I'm not saying they don't have it or can't make it.
It's just not on their menu.
The sides for $2 each are on the smaller side too.
But then again, I didn't get what they're known for and that's their ribs.
The reason for the 4 star review is because their brisket is so good and worth coming back for.
I just wish the portions, including their sides, are a little bigger.
TIP #1: Located off Green Valley and Sunset, where Sumo Sushi used to be located.
TIP #2: Check out their Weekly Specials.
TIP #3: Signature Sandwiches also on the menu (3 pork sandwiches / 1 beef sandwich)
I've done Cracked Egg, Broken Yolk in CA, and now Egg Works.
Yes...this was my first time to an Egg Works.
I even had the Egg and I bookmarked for quite some time.
It's taken me so long to try Egg Works/The Egg and I because the wait was always too long.
I was fortunate one Sunday morning to check out this new location in Henderson with a group of BPF's (Best Peeps Forever).
And for an added bonus, the wait was only 20 minutes.
Not bad for a new breakfast hot spot.
Not bad for a Sunday morning.
Besides lunch and dinner, breakfast is my favorite meal of the day.
And when it comes to breakfast at a place like this, my order is usually as boring as it gets.
I usually get some type of omelet or anything with eggs.
You can't eat at a place named Egg Works for the first time and not have their eggs.
I had them create an 6 egg white omelet with spinach & mushrooms.
For an added touch, I had 3 strips of turkey bacon added.
Let me say that this meal was so good that I felt I just had a cheat meal.
The omelet was fluffy and tasty, but the it's the mushrooms that was the key to adding flavor to it.
Egg Works has more than just eggs and omelets like country fried steaks, chili spaghetti, waffles, and pancakes.
I just didn't get the opportunity on this trip.
And by the way, the prices here are pretty good too.
Like I stated earlier, the wait wasn't too long even though this joint was packed.
The service was great and our waiter was very attentive.
When you're done, follow the foot prints on the floor to the register.
Extra, Extra...Read All About It.
If you're a newbie to Egg Works or the Egg and I, you'll notice that the menus are in the form of a newspaper.
Extra, Extra...Read All About It.
Look around when once you're seated.
You'll notice that since the menu is set up like a newspaper, a handful of patrons read the menu like it's a newspaper.
Just an observation...Ha.
Egg White Omelet:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=raFZHUC-rCYcaeBOUtPOnA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Chili, Spaghetti, and Cheese:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=J601lVBGqwqxBvRYh3bQpg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (408/500)
My fault in advance.
I am the master procrastinator.
For one, I rarely check my mailbox.
And two, when I finally check my mail, there's usually something like a smog check that I forgot to take care of.
Well that's exactly what happened to me.
I'm on my third warning for failing to get my smog done.
So off to Yelp to figure out the fastest, highest rating, and most convenient smog check place.
Pulled up my Yelp app and viola, Auto Tech with all the rave reviews.
Really??
Most of their reviews are actually 5 stars.
No way Jose.
I need to see what's really going on.
So, I arrive and I see this man sitting impatiently outside.
Mel C:  How long it's going to take you?
Impatient Dude:   At least 2 hours

Mel C:  I better get my iPad and Laptop.
Looks like I'm setting up shop for a few hours while my car gets worked on.
To my surprise, I had a great experience here at Auto Tech.
I was welcomed by the great Tabitha behind the counter.
If you review the photos, that's Tabitha aka the Master Tech.
I explained to her that I have never had to take care of my own smog check and handed her my registration.
Tabitha took my paperwork, my keys, and came back 5 minutes later with "You're Done".
I'm serious, only 5 minutes in and out of this place.
Emissions done, smog done, and lunch on the way to be done.
This review actually took longer than my smog check.
All these 5 star reviews are not a fluke.
Tabitha and the crew at Auto Tech rock!!!
TIP:  I hear that there's a Groupon for a year's worth of oil changes for only $35.
I would totally take advantage of this if my oil changes weren't covered already.
Peace out!!!
Been to the Stratosphere a ton of times about 10 years ago, but never been to the top.
Attempted a couple of months ago, but the lines were intimidating.
This week finally decided to suck it up and do it.
Let's start with the ticketing process.
Yes, you have to buy tickets.
Don't forget your local discount and yes, I forgot mine.
You can get tickets at the counter or through a kiosk.
I made the mistake to think that the kiosk would be faster.
Obviously wasn't.
I was in line behind a bunch of people that either couldn't read, didn't understand the touch screen, or were undecided what to buy (i.e.
which rides, the tower only, etc).
The group in front of me bought 12 tickets and paid by one dollar bills.
Seriously, over a couple of hundred dollars in tickets and they paid by one dollar bills.
This took forever.
I bet I know why they had so many Washingtons.
People even clapped when they were finally done.
Got my tickets with the quickness.
Simple, just clicked what I wanted and paid.
Then you go in line, which actually is faster than it looks.
Go through a metal detector, then get your picture taken in front of a green screen.
Elevator to the top took no time.
Now, I'm finally at the top and you get a 360 view of the valley.
You can also watch while people get their thrills on the amusement rides.
I really wanted to see someone on the sky jump but no one was doing it.
There's a bar up top, but was not allowed since I was with my little one.
My overall thoughts...have to try at least once, especially since this is the highest point in Las Vegas.
But pricey in my opinion and definitely a tourist trap.
Get my wash here at least once a month.
Never any regrets when I come here.
Prices are decent, about $40 for an inside and out wash/clean.
Not your fastest car wash.
I've waited close to 45 minutes one time, but it's worth it and that only means a little TLC to your car.
About the staff:
Been coming here for over a year and see different employees every time.
Regardless who is working your car, the customer service is top notch.
If you are unhappy with the wash or if they miss a spot, you'll always be taken care of.
It's very obvious that at this business, the customer comes first.
Keep it, I'll be back.
Btw, the yogurt is dangerously addicting.
The video poker pays out.
Have a Fabulous day!!
Salted Malted Bakery and Creamery,
          Do you know what you just did to me?
Do you really know?
Well, you got me to write a review on Yelp.
I vowed to myself that I would not write another review this year, but I couldn't resist after my third visit at your establishment.
First things first, you had me at peanut butter.
No wait!
You had me at carrot cake.
Okay, I'm not going to lie.
You had me at mini-donuts?
Perhaps it was because you have ice cream cookie sandwiches with Thrifty Ice Cream?
Maybe it was the poutine?
Or, is it the great service that you give everyone that enters your business?
I guess it really doesn't matter how you got me.
You got me and got me good.
In my opinion, you have some to the best cookies in town that come with the best prices in town.
Less than a dollar for one of your creative and tasty cookies?
Are you kidding me?
How do I even stop at just one?
That's right Yelpers, Salted Malted gets 5 stars from me.
Cookies That I've Tried (currently priced at $.80 each, sized at about 3 inches)
-Peanut Butter
-Peanut Butter Chip
-The Heartbreaker (Banana, Peanut Butter, and Chocolate Chip)
-Blue Velvet
-Pumpkin Latte
-Bacon Maple
-Strawberry Cheesecake
-Brownie

My favorite is definitely your Peanut Butter with your Carrot Cake and Peanut Butter Chip tied at 2nd.
All your cookies are good, always fresh, and very photogenic.
I love how you guys always ensure that we have a fresh "right out of the oven" cookie when we arrive.
Mini-Donuts (currently priced at $4.29 for a dozen Classic or $5.99 for a dozen Specialty)
-Classic (plain, sugar, glazed, and cinnamon)
-Specialty (Matcha Green Tea and Fruit Loops)

I have tried them all except your 18 mini-donut Do'Nachos.
All are very good, but I am boring and still prefer your Classic "nothing on it" mini-donut.
I admit, I love Trish's infamous Mini-Donuts in San Francisco.
Trust me, your mini-donuts rank up there with them.
Regardless, how you got me.
You got me.
I will definitely be back for your PB cookie and mini-donuts.
I also look forward to trying your grilled cheese and ice cream cookie sandwiches.
I'm sure glad you're on my side of town.
PS Yelpers...
Salted Malted Bakery & Creamery also serves Peet's Coffee, sandwiches, and based on some of their Yelp photos, they even build creative cakes.
PS Gym-Goers...
Salted Malted Bakery & Creamery is a great stop for your post workout insulin spike.
Take advantage of an intense workout with one of their cookies and a half dozen mini-donuts.
Yeah Buddy!!
This just an update...
When I'm in the area and don't fell like trying something new, I will hit up Yummy Sushi.
Lately, I haven't been having any of their sushi's.
Discovered that they have some of the best Loco Moco's.
Huge portions, double patties, and they serve it with brown rice (per request).
Hits the spot on my last 3 visits.
Still 4 stars for me.
Way to go!!
This is a review update of the 24 Hour Fitness (Super Sport) located in Centennial.
My initial visit came with only 3 stars, but my most recent stops up'd my rating.
Why?
1.
I come to realize that this is one of the cleanest 24's in Las Vegas.
2.
One of the spacious 24's with a ton of equipment.
3.
Yes it gets busy, but I no longer workout around people.
Now, they workout around me.
4.
Always a great staff
5.
Close to home
6.
Close to a lot of post-workout meals (although, not the healthiest).
Like all other gyms, this one gets busy during the peak hours.
My only gripe is not with the gym, but with the people that workout at this gym.
This is a Super Sport, so towels are provided.
During the later hours, no one seems to take care of their towels and leave them on the equipment.
There are times when I walk up to a bench, squat rack, or cardio equipment and not sure if it's taken or not.
I don't mind people using their towels to mark their territory because they can be circuit training or in a middle of a giant-set.
But I do mind, when it's left there because they are too lazy to clean up their own mess.
