I stopped yesterday to buy some bagels in my quest for better ones than I get at the big chain.
I had a salt bagel this morning, and it was quite good.
I really look forward to going back and having some lunch.
Levy's appears like it will be my stop for bagels more often.
I used to come to the Fiesta Rancho in the past but with the building of casinos closer to where I live, the Fiesta became less of an option.
I came here to have dinner at Garduños and I stayed to play some slots after dinner.
The casino is on the small side but it is pleasant.
It's a typical locals casino.
If you have the desire, there is an ice skating rink.
All in all, an OK place but a drive for me to get to.
I first heard of this place when Arizona Charlie's changed the steakhouse from what it was to Ron's.
And, it hasn't been on the radar since I never go to Arizona Charlie's.
Yesterday, that changed when I was unable to meet a friend for a show on the Strip in time for the start of the show.
I started home from the Smith Center trying to think of a place to have dinner when Ron's popped into my head.
I found a space on the surface lot on the north side of the casino and walked in the side door.
I was totally lost.
It's probably been 12 years since I was here.
One thing never changes--there was the smell of cigarette smoke everywhere.
I walked a short distance trying to get my bearings and when I looked to my right, there was Ron's.
A quick dash and I was inside their door and the casino noise and cigarette smoke was behind me.
The woman at the podium seated me immediately and I was told my server would be Maria.
That was the win of the night--she is fantastic!
After looking at the menu, I opted to go à la carte skipping a few 3 course meals on the menu.
For a starter, I got escargot.
The main meal was a 14 oz.
NY strip steak that comes with soup or salad.
I opted for the salad.
I asked about the size of the sides and Maria explained that the fries were large portions.
When I asked about the au gratin potatoes, she said they were a more modest serving.
I ended the meal with chocolate cake.
My iced tea was brought immediately and it was refilled twice without needing to ask.
Used sweetener packs were removed from the table.
The bread service consisted of two pieces of lavash and some slices of Bon Breads raisin walnut.
There were three cups of butter served--one a garlic herb, one a cinnamon sugar, and one regular.
I wasn't a fan of the cinnamon but I can see why people would like it with the raisin bread.
I was not impressed with the lavash.
It was old and lacked the cheese flavor it was supposed to have.
The escargot was good.
Each was topped with a round of puff pastry.
The pastry puffs were somewhat hard.
The thing to do here is move the puffs aside, eat the escargot, and then push the pastry into the ample garlic butter and let it soak up that goodness.
They did not spare the garlic at all.
The salad was small and was made with a slice or two of thin cucumber acting as the "bowl" with greens inside and the bleu cheese dressing on the side.
Nice concept.
The steak was good albeit a bit tough.
It's not listed on the menu as any class of prime or and other USDA designation.
I was cooked the way I wanted it and the seasoning on it was good.
The au gratin potatoes were excellent and the serving size was perfect for a solo diner.
The prices for the sides were less than many steakhouses in the city.
To finish this meal, I opted for the chocolate cake with fresh berries.
It was a good choice.
I'm not sure if I'd come back to Ron's but if I did I think I would consider one of the 3 course, prix fixe meals.
I have been to the L.A.
Comedy Club in three locations where it's been over the years.
I had a free ticket to see the show this past week.
The box office issued my ticket and then explained where the club was.
Amongst the many small souvenir and food shops on the second floor of the Stratosphere, the club is in a room called the Dragon Room which is a little bit past the entrance to the elevators that take you to the rides and restaurant at the op of the Stratosphere.
This Tuesday night, there was an MC, a woman whose name I didn't get.
She did aa few jokes and then introduced  Phil "Skratch" Cummings who did a short set also.
The MC then introduced the sub-headliner, Sandra Risser who did a fine set of about 8 minutes.
The the feature comic, Paul Ogata was introduced and he did about 20 minutes worth.
Risser and Ogata were absolutely fantastic!
They had good routines, very polished, and they knew how to use the audience to enhance the comic nature of some of their acts.
The room is not too large so sitting anywhere will be fine as it's a small raised stage.
A good way to spend some time in Las Vegas instead of losing at a slot.
I came here for Roger's UYE.
Other than standing at the entrance to see what the bowling venue looked like after a movie, I had never been here.
The price was right--$1.50 per game starting at 10 PM.
This price is available Sunday through Thursday and the alleys are open until 2 AM.
The lanes are in great shape.
Although we had a problem a few times with the one lane freezing after throwing the first ball, we just got around it by pushing the reset button.
We got one shot at doing better.
Service at check in was very friendly.
Since I'm of that certain age when you get discounts for not dying yet, I can do this price most weekdays bowling between 8 AM and Noon.
Not bad.
I really should go more often so I can shine--sort of--instead of doing as poorly as I did Monday night.
Practice makes better as my saying goes.
*** Review is for Restaurant Week 2015 menu ***

This was the last of my Restaurant Week visits.
I have been intrigued when I've walked by Beijing Noodle No.
9 and seen the whiteness of the interior.
It does grab your attention.
Aside from that, I wanted to try their noodles.
This was a four course meal.
For the starter I chose the tomato and egg drop soup.
I haven't seen this combination and it works well.
The tomatoes were partially blanched so they had texture to them and weren't mushy.
The soup was very hot and tasty.
For an appetizer, I chose the spring rolls.
It was three fried rolls with sweet and sour sauce.
They were standard egg rolls.
For the main course, I got the Sichuan Dan Dan noodles.
These are hand pulled noodles with chili oil and minced pork and scallions.
It was very good.
The spiciness was good, but I chose to add a little extra from the small container on each table.
The menu said dessert was a mochi sampler.
It was two pieces of chocolate mochi with raspberry sauce.
Serviced was very good.
The courses were spaced nicely and my iced tea was refilled without asking.
This was a good Restaurant Week choice but the place is expensive due to its Strip location.
For noodles in the future, I'll stick with the shops in Chinatown.
This is a typical Starbucks outlet with the free wifi and plenty of seating.
Competent staff.
Good beverage.
I'm making my way slowly to every Starbucks in the Las Vegas Valley.
I was on my way home through Chinatown last night and decided to stop here for gas.
It's was only slightly higher than Costco prices and since it was later, it was an easy in and out.
They have a multi-point pay system.
Insert your card and then enter the pump you're using.
After pumping, you return to the pay area to get your receipt.
A painless process and at 10:15 not a crowded one.
My main goal today was to ride this trail.
When I'be been in the area, I've seen the trail and I thought I'd bring my bike and park in the M Resort's garage and then bike the trail.
Instead, I changed my plans and biked two other trails to reach this trail.
I rode from Seven Hills Drive west to the trailhead and then rode it back to the Cactus Wren Park and then to the Cactus Wren Trail for the way back to my parked car.
This trail is really nicely done!
There are interpretive markers showing the animals of the desert you might see along the trail.
There are also a number of sculptures with these animals.
There are several streets that go off to the south, but since this area is not growing right now, you can easily cross those streets with ease.
I agree with the other posters that there should be some kind of bridge over Eastern Avenue.
Although I didn't have any trouble crossing, I used the crossing lights and I was alert to drivers as I did.
I must say I saw several very courteous drivers who held back on their right turns to let me cross.
One things Henderson needs to do is mark the trails better.
Periodically there's a map of the trails near one of the entrances.
They use a color code which is often misleading because there are shades of the same color and it makes it difficult to distinguish one trail from the next.
This is an ideal walk or ride for a family.
I saw many out today enjoying the warm November weather and the day off from school.
Whenever I go to the Bellagio to see the Conservatory or the Gallery of Fine art, I find myself ending up here for a gelato fix.
The service is very quick here, and there are plenty of tables to enjoy your treat.
I also find the people watching to be wonderful  With the pool entrance just a few steps away, I can enjoy my frozen delight while watching some lovely ladies in their bikinis.
Does it get any better?
My wife and I went to a play in downtown Las Vegas.
I had been to Pizza Rock for two Yelp events and I decided to come back for a quick dinner and try some more of their good things.
We started with an order of three meatballs.
They were very good and the tomato sauce was great.
I took the serving spoon and ate some of the leftover sauce like soup.
For our main course, we opted to split a Stromboli.
We got the Romano's Original 1950.
It had cheeses, pepperoni, sausage, and sweet peppers.
The crust was thin which is a plus but the interior was missing some filling.
The sausage and pepperoni was meager.
There was a lot of cheese inside and the Stromboli was good.
We were pressed for time.
Our server, Shani, knowing this, brought our check before we were done so paying and getting to our show was easy.
In fact, we arrived at the show 15 minutes early.
A big criticism I have is the LOUD, LOUD music.
At 6:15, they cranked up the volume to just one decibel under now you have to shout to be heard.
Is this really necessary?
When I checked their website, I got the same blast of music and I learned to mute my computer before looking at their site.
Too bad we didn't have a volume control at the table.
I may be back, but if I do return, it will be at an earlier hour when they have lower music--I hope.
This review is for the casino only.
We met friends here for dinner.
It was the first time I've been to Aliante.
To use a coupon for dinner, I had to get a slot club card.
With it comes the normal casino promotion of some random free play with a new club sign up.
I got $5 and after that was used in the machine, I cashed a whopping $1.20.
The casino was quiet when we were there.
It was a pleasant place and the music was not blaring like some other places.
The casino was clean.
It was also dimly lit which is OK.
I wish I had known the layout of the garage parking and the restaurants.
I parked the farthest place away from where I wanted to be.
This is so out of the way for me so I guess I won't be here very often.
In the 15 years I've lived here, I was only to this steakhouse one other time when it was still known as Primo's.
I ended up here after a failed attempt to use a coupon at another casino steakhouse because it was a holiday--July 4th--even though most everyone celebrated on Sunday and not the actual Monday holiday.
Suffice it to say that in the end, I was glad things turned out the way they did.
I quickly cancelled my other reservation and booked SC even though that turned out to be unnecessary.
I was seated immediately after being asked my preference of a booth or table.
Soon, a server was there to take my drink order and he brought me my iced tea quickly.
Then my server, Brenda, arrived to ask about drinks or questions about the menu.
She also told me a few specials for the day.
She ended by telling me the bone in ribeye was their best selling steak.
I ordered that cooked blue and I ordered the soup of the day--wild mushroom with rice--as a starter.
I was brought a smaller bread basket because of dining alone which I liked because I hate wasting food.
Even so, I had some of each of the breads everyone got just a smaller amount.
It was accompanied with two flavored butter swirls and a pat of regular butter.
One was a fruit flavored butter and the other was garlic and herb.
I preferred the garlic and herb.
I am not a fan of fruit flavored butter.
My soup was brought to the table and Brenda asked if I wanted freshly ground pepper which I got.
The soup was rich and creamy with a large amount of wild mushrooms pieces and some rice that was just enough for the small bowl.
After a well timed interval, the steak and steak fries were brought.
The steak was cooked perfectly and was excellent.
There were some root vegetables with the steak so it wasn't devoid of vegetables.
The steak fries were enough for two people.
I would definitely skip a side when I return as it's too much for a solo diner.
After finishing the steak and leaving most of the fries, Brenda told me the desserts available and I went with the seven layer chocolate cake which was listed as chocolate overload (if I remember correctly) on my bill.
It was chocolate cake with layers of chocolate filling all topped off with drizzled chocolate syrup.
Overload?
Maybe but quite good.
At this point, the dessert would have been a good choice for sharing.
Service was very good.
Classic service with the one server cleaning the tablecloth with a metal, u-shaped crumb picker.
He even moved the candle and salt and pepper to clean there before moving them back to where they had been.
The room was a little louder than I expected because of the talking from the bar/cocktail area.
I repeat that I was glad my evening turned out differently than what I had planned.
Coming back to the Suncoast to try their steakhouse after so many years turned out to be a very pleasant experience.
I just made a cursory stop to get some photos on my jaunt downtown earlier this week so I can't give the Container Park a full review.
I really like what they've done with this space.
It's hard to believe that only a block away was the site of the Western Casino, the much maligned spot on Fremont Street.
Until December 8th, the Project Y.E.S.
spaceship will be in the Learning Center area for kids to explore.
Check the Downtown Project's website for ticket information (there is no charge for the tickets).
I'll be back in another day--at night--and I hope to see more as I have the time to walk around inside the Container Park and enjoy the vibes of this place.
This review is for the casino only:

I was at the D last night ti see a show - Adam London - who is filling in for Kevin Burke while he's away.
I was pleased to see the Longbar that I've read about online.
There was a vibe and energy to the casino as I walked through.
They have added dancers and I stopped to take in the show.
One of the blackjack dealers was moving pretty nicely, but I think she kept business away from her table.
Who'd want to sit down and stop the entertainment?
While I like the D, I still think it has one of the worst parking garages in downtown Las Vegas.
God, it's awful!
Our hiking group stops here mid-hike each year for breakfast.
I normally end up getting the same thing--their chili and cheese omelette.
That didn't change when we were there this past Thursday.
10 of us gathered here.
Service was very good and the refills kept coming for our coffee.
The room is cowboy western with a fireplace used in winter.
Outside the windows, you can see a pond where there are many ducks, turtles, and other animals roaming around although most are in the petting zoo.
Back to the food.
The omelette is a good size with toast and potatoes.
It is filled with the chili and cheese mixture.
The menu also features children/senior size breakfasts for those who want to eat less.
I like Crystals a lot as a place to go to see high end stores with few shoppers.
I like the layout and the attention to design that was put into building this place.
It is, however, not a place I would go to shop.
I like it for the exhibits they periodically have and for just looking at the few people one generally sees there.
Perhaps when the economy comes back, the place will have more zing.
Still, I like the space and I hope it does well!
The food was good but the service was very poor and odd at times.
This was our first visit to Red Robin.
Since we live less than a 1/2 mile away, this was a chance to try one of the newer food places in Downtown Summerlin.
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
We were semi-greeted when we walked in when an employee reached below the podium and got two sets of menus and finally gestured us to follow him.
I don't recall him saying a word to us.
Our server came to the table promptly and seeing his name tag, I said good afternoon *name*.
He responded with, "Hi, I'm *name* and I'm going to be your server.
He was trained to introduce himself and give his name and by damn he was going to do it even though I had already spoken to him by name.
Odd.
He took our drink orders and soon brought two iced teas to the table.
We asked for time to study the menu more and when he came back we were ready to order.
He had also given me a card to text a word to a number to join Red Robin's reward program.
(He has seen me using my iPhone as I was checking into Yelp).
My wife ordered the soup and sandwich combo.
She got a cup of Red's Chili Chili and a BLTA croissant.
I ordered a cup of chicken tortilla soup and a Burnin' Love burger.
*name* asked me if I wanted my soup with my burger or before.
I answered before.
After not too long, I was surprised when two dinners were brought and I had received no soup.
Oh well, to err is human and I forget a lot, too.
No big deal.
My wife enjoyed her sandwich and really liked the chili.
My burger was topped with a grilled jalapeño that was very good and was a hot one.
There were "jalapeño coins" and the burger was on a jalapeño kaiser roll.
There was also chipotle aioli on the burger.
With all this talk about peppers and burnin' love, the only spicy thing was the actual grilled jalapeño.
The burger was good and I liked the fries.
Since they were bottomless steak fries, I wanted to get some more and to get an iced tea refill.
*name* never came back to see how things were.
I finally flagged him down and asked for more fries and iced tea.
Since there were people at three other tables, *name* could be forgiven for being overwhelmed with the work.
I finished my burger before my extra fries were brought and I had moved my plate to the center of the table to make room for the fries.
When they were brought, *name* removed the two plates from the center taking with him my fork I was going to use with my fries.
Instead, I used one of our large toothpicks to eat some fries until they cooled enough to pick up with my fingers and eat.
Before we were finished with our meal, *name* stopped by to see if we wanted to dessert.
I said back off in a nice manner.
When finished, *name* came back and we ordered the mountain high mudd pie.
The dessert was quite good but once again *name* had a way of irritating me.
*name* brought our check while we were enjoying dessert and rather than just folding the two sides closed and leaving it on the side of the table with the no hurry message, *name* insisted on leaving the check holder unfolded and almost forced it under my right elbow as I was eating dessert.
I picked it up, slapped the two sides together, and put it to my left out of the way.
Before we were finished, *name* came back to pick up the check.
I waved him off.
When we were finished, I looked at the check and sure enough, charged for soup I didn't get.
I pointed this out to *name* and told him he never brought the soup.
He just stared at the check and then walked away never saying sorry I forgot or anything else.
He brought the check back and he once again insisted on pushing the opened check holder under my right elbow.
*name* just doesn't learn.
I paid the check and we left.
My rating for Red Robin would have been a three.
The food is not bad and I enjoyed it.
Service is what brought it down.
*name* needs some retraining.
You've been open long enough to have this correct.
One thing, they won't have to worry about a free burger on my birthday.
I won't be redeeming that reward.
A second chance to make a first impression--of course not!
A second chance at having decent service along with decent food--maybe!
A savory crêpe for breakfast?
It sounded like a good idea and it was.
While waiting at an office yesterday morning, I did a Yelp search and found The Crêpe was on the way home.
After the appointment, off I was to Tivoli Place for breakfast.
There was a sign to seat yourself and I went a few tables in from the open door.
It was a perfect place because you could enjoy the morning air but the breeze coming in wasn't overwhelming.
I was brought a menu by Agnes.
I later found out she was the owner.
After looking over the selection of breakfast crêpes, I went with the special of the day which was a crêpe with pastrami, scrambled eggs, potatoes, and Russian mustard.
The crêpe was very tasty.
The mustard absolutely made the dish, however.
It was a rich, spicy, brown mustard with a lot of favor.
As I was waiting for the crêpe to be made, Agnes came by and as we starting chatting, she sat down across the table from me and she explained that the restaurant had only been opened for two months.
We also talked about the music and dance evenings they have.
I think I need to go back for one of the jazz nights and have a dessert crêpe.
The crêpe was tasty and it was artfully presented.
As I said before, the mustard made the dish!
I will come back again.
I like the space and the ambiance.
The crêpes are a bit pricey, but then the rents for Tivoli have to be high, too!
A coffee Americano is $3 with a $1.50 charge for a refill.
I guess that's because it's individually brewed Lavazza but it's quite different when I'm used to a bottomless cup at breakfast!
After feeding the tortoises at Red Rock Canyon, I was in the mood for some food for myself so I gave Krayvings a try and I'm glad I did.
I didn't think about their tabletop ordering pads and I waited at the To Go register and she took my order there.
Duh, me!!
She brought me my coffee and later the breakfast sandwich.
I got one with bacon, eggs whites, cheese, and tomato slices.
A good sized sandwich for $5 and extra for the coffee.
It was a good sandwich and the place is very pleasant.
They have free wifi.
I think I'll be stopping here more often.
I was taken aback a bit by their juice porices.
I'll get diet Coke or plain coffee.
I have gone to this store for different reasons, but it's generally been to get a new phone.
Since I am now an iPhone user, this store is less relevant.
I came to get a SIMM card to use in a modem for 3G internet access when away from home.
It seems like no one at AT*&T knows anything about prepaid wireless.
That includes the store and the 800 support number.
The people that work here have always been helpful as they were today, but they can't give me advice about something for which they've never been trained.
This restaurant has been a long time in coming so the owners had plenty of time to decide on their business plan.
The latest of a trio of Indian restaurants, I think this one has an identity crisis.
Is it more of a bar in the Fremont East District that just happens to serve Indian food or is it a restaurant that prominently features a bar?
I entered about 10 minutes after it's 5 PM dinner hour opening.
I was shown to a table in the bar area.
Unlike other Indian restaurants, this one had the football game on TV instead of the normal Bollywood music with dancers.
That's OK with me though.
It's up to them.
When I looked at the menu I was surprised by how limited it was.
On the back was a list of traditional curries and to my memory they were all vegetarian options--again OK--but not what I was looking for.
I saw a sign out front that said the soup of the day was lentil soup (see my photo for the exterior shot and you'll see the sign).
When I asked the server about this, she pointed to an $11 lentil soup on the menu.
She then said she could have them make a cup size portion rather than the larger size.
Seeing nothing else I wanted on the menu, I opted for the beef curry and I ordered garlic naan.
I had already been brought the iced tea I asked for when I was first seated.
A server brought me a small Indian cake as an amuse but I couldn't understand his description.
(A Yelp friend let me know that this is dhokla made from chick pea flour.)
It was good with some nice Indian spices in the cake.
Then came the lentil soup.
It was a large bowl but it wasn't that deep which was OK.
However, I didn't see a lentil anywhere and I'd refer to it as lentil broth rather than lentil soup.
There was not even a texture of ground lentils in the bowl.
(Check my photo against the lentil soup photo someone else has posted and note the difference.)
The beef curry came.
I had ordered it at spice level 4 out of 5.
If you like spicy food, order the 5 because this could have had more zing to it.
The curry was OK but nothing exceptional.
A serving of basmati rice came with the curry.
The naan was OK but needed more garlic.
My iced tea was refreshed without asking.
They have recently opened but there are a couple of things to note.
The lunch menu appears to have more of what I'd want than the dinner one.
When I asked my server if they had two menus, one for the bar area and one for the dining room area, she said no and brought me their lunch and their dinner menus.
Lunch has lamb rogan josh--something I would have ordered instead of the beef.
When I  pointed this out, she showed me the lamb rack that's on their dinner menu and said that could be made into rogan josh--just ask.
Really?
If I want curry chicken I have to guess that you'll make it for me.
As for the surroundings, this is where the Fremont East District comes into play.
There is a counter running along the windows of this corner restaurant with stools so people can sit at the counter and watch the people at the Container Park or just coming and going on Fremont Street.
Yesterday, all three garage door style windows were open.
One was shut when the west breezes were strong and almost blew the menu off the table.
The windows facing the Container Park remained open all the time I was there.
I saw last December that this restaurant was coming in 2016.
It finally made it and I was glad to give it a try when I knew they were open.
My experience tells me that it's the one and only time I'll be there.
We have just too many better choices for Indian food without having to get beef.
You need to decide what kind of business you want Turmeric to be.
Note:  their website does not yet have a menu listing.
Volunteers for this year's Ironman 70.3 were treated to a dinner here last night.
The dinner was catered by an outside restaurant so I'm not reviewing the food.
The Convention Center is a nice facility.
I have not been here before so I wasn't aware of a parking lot on the back side of the building from Water Street so I parked on Water Street and walked around back.
I don't know how old the convention center is, but it is certainly a good place to have this kind of event.
The main room can be divided into separate rooms.
Last night, it was one large room to accommodate all the volunteers.
It took me awhile but I finally got around to having lunch at the Café at Artisanal Foods.
All the recommendations I had gotten were spot on.
This place is good!
I was fortunate to be able to order a prix fixe lunch with Chef Johnny Church deciding on the items I'd get.
They were:

Ibérico ham amuse-bouche with caviar
Curry Kabocha squash soup
Piedmontese beef and octopus carpaccio
Lion fish ceviche
Pancakes with seared Sonoma foie gras
Hand cut pappardelle with Bolognese
Crispy brick chicken thigh
Hexx chocolate pot de crème

This lunch was dinner also because there was a lot of food and I didn't let anything go unfinished.
I was impressed with ingredients and preparations I don't normally see.
Tremendous creativity.
One of the last things I would have ordered would be the pancakes.
Yet, it was an excellent dish with a mix of three kinds of grape made into a gastrique and served with foie gras topping the small stack of mini pancakes.
Fantastic flavors and since I don't use maple syrup, a delight having a sweet that was so different with pancakes.
Chef Church asked me which pasta of two on the menu I wanted.
I looked at both and went with the Bolognese.
What he did was serve me the Bolognese with the hand cut pappardelle which was the other pasta.
The pork sausage, ground lamb, and chicken liver confit along with the tomato and mirepoix provided a great pasta.
The Bolognese was very rich.
I need mention the soup.
The curry squash soup had a very good flavor of curry and was a delightful soup on this cold day.
Finally, the crispy chicken thighs on mushroom bread pudding was outstanding.
Chicken thighs cooked and removed from the bone, then put back together with a layer of truffle and quickly fried crispy and served on the bead of mushroom bread pudding.
Outstanding!
Finishing off with a light dessert of Hexx chocolate pot de crème topped with orange slices and topped with fennel pollen.
Chocolate and orange is always a great combination and this was a winner, too!
I'll be returning and enjoying some of the other items on the menu.
This café, although small and seating maybe twenty people at one time, is one of those places that will draw me back.
A most memorable lunch!
I had a comp for HIgh Tea at the Petrossian Bar at the Bellagio and went this afternoon.
High tea was something I've wanted to do for a long time but my wife was not interested and some other people I spoke to about going were not enthusiastic.
"Meh" was a common word.
OK then, I'll go myself.
Playing myVegas on Facebook, I earned enough points to redeem for the High Tea for one.
I made a reservation for 2 PM.
I went to the mLife club at about 1:15 and after giving her my confirmation number, I had my comp and had time to walk around the Bellagio and watch tourists.
It's great people watching.
At 1:55, I went to the podium at the entrance to the Petrossian, she checked her roster and saw I had a reservation, and she took me to a table that had been set up for one.
She gave me the menu, a quick explanation, and said my server would be by soon.
The rules, if you will, are each person gets to choose four finger and/or open faced sandwiches.
Each person gets two scones and three mini pastries.
And of course, there's the tea which you pick from a selection on the next page in the menu.
For sandwiches, I ordered (1) Smoked turkey, brie, and black grapes on a cranberry bread; (2) chickpea panella, roasted red pepper, green olive mayo on spiced bread; (3) Alaskan king crab and avocado on brioche; and (4) Smoked salmon topped with Transmontanous Oscietra caviar on pumpernickel bread.
(descriptions are from the menu).
My favorite was the smoked turkey.
The cranberry bread was very tasty.
All four made good bites and had good flavors.
There were two cranberry scones and with the scones came three mini containers with clotted cream, butter, and lemon curd.
These were for use with the scones.
The scones were luscious.
They were much better than you get at coffee stores.
Very fresh, very high in butter content, and baked perfectly.
I didn't use any of the butter.
I tried the clotted cream and the lemon curd.
Hands down, the lemon curd was a winner!
The three small pastries were nice to help fill me up.
The best of these was a small chocolate, custard tart that had a chocolate coffee bean in shape and taste on top.
This was the winner of this bunch.
For tea, I chose the loose leaf Darjeeling.
My server, Mary Ann, was very pleasant and came around and poured more hot water into my teapot and I was able to sit after the sandwiches and pastries and enjoy the Bellagio again watching tourists go by.
A few things about the experience.
Even though they have the live pianist, where I was seated, it's enough distance away that it was not so easy to hear them play.
The casino music easily drowned out the pianist but that didn't spoil anything--that's just an observation.
Second, men's fingers are not built for tea cups like this.
I don't expect a diner type coffee cup, but to pick up my cup, I look like I had just come in from the barn and was sitting down to have some of ma's good tea.
I'm glad I had the comp.
At $35 per person plus tax, I may not have done it on my own.
It is something one should do just for the experience.
Go with friends and chat and laugh and share and I think it would be a lot more fun.
Another joy of living in Las Vegas is the ability to see the fountains any day.
I am never on Las Vegas Boulevard that I don't put the window down to hear the music and get a quick look at the fountains.
Sometimes, I play tour leader and station myself along the sidewalk by the fountains to take photos of couples who want to be in a photo together.
There's something soothing and very pleasant about the fountains.
The idea for this display was fantastic!
What a lovely way to welcome someone to the property.
If you visit in the mornings, you can generally see the raft with fountain crew going about tending to the jets and lights.
The raft comes out of an area under Olives Restaurant that's referred to as the Bat Cave.
These men and women tend to the fountain and make sure it's in great shape for the daily shows.
5 stars always for this grand Las Vegas experience.
I had a Groupon for Bonito Michoacan.
I was seated in the bar area and the bartender was my server.
She brought me chips, salsa, and bean dip quickly along with my iced tea.
She passed the empty sweetener bag test with flying colors!
First.
my dinner came with fideo soup.
It was very good with less of a tomato taste than I'm used to getting.
There was more of a chicken stock flavor.
For the main course, I ordered the Enchiladas de Mole con Pollo, two cheese enchiladas heated in a red mole sauce with a chicken breast, refried beans, rice, and some lettuce shreds and a dollop of sour cream.
The mole tasted a bit sweet at first but then I got the undertones of the other spices and the richness of the mole came out.
The chicken breast was good.
It was seasoned in any manner so I gave it a good shower of Tapatio.
For dessert, I got the fried ice cream.
I guess fried ice cream is just something that comes out of the freezer.
I don't think anyone "breads" and fries the ice cream in real time anymore.
I was very pleased with my visit.
I was of two minds about where I was seated.
Two men were having a loud discussion (argument?)
about politics in Spanish and the one had enough tecate to not know how loudly he was talking.
However, I could have been sitting in another part of the restaurant where there was a crying baby.
I think it was better where I was.
This was an enjoyable dinner!
I had wanted to attend the opening performance here with Penn and Emily Gillette but was unable to because of prior tickets for other shows.
I did come here last week to an Alice Ripley concert.
Ripley is a talented Broadway actress/singer who has won a Tony award among other honors.
The Space is in a converted warehouse with a setup pretty much like black box theatres although this venue is a bit longer in length than a traditional acting black box.
For this show, the room was set up with round cocktail tables with four chairs at each table.
There was ample room in the aisles.
The last two rows in the back main area were two rows of plain chairs.
There's a box office to the left when you come in, a bar to the right, and also on the left is a bathroom door that goes into a gender neutral area where there are four or five stalls with solid walls for privacy.
A smart move on their part.
The acoustics in the Space were very good and Miss Ripley could blow the roof off the place if she wanted too.
I am very pleased to see one more piece of the Las Vegas locals' theatre puzzle coming together with The Space.
It is a great addition to our performing arts.
It's exactly a month since I was here the first time.
I came back for take out and I was delighted by the food.
I called late in the afternoon for pick up after their dinner opening time.
I ordered the trio of samosas called Samosa Teen Tarike.
One was filled with green peas, one with potato, and one with paneer and corn.
The pastry was light and fried perfectly and the fillings were very tasty.
I really didn't need the sauces that were packed with them--a mint sauce and a tamarind sauce.
Both were good.
For mains, I ordered chicken tikka masala for my wife--spice level mild--and I got the Madras curry with chicken and spice level hot.
Both were well done and the sauces were mild and hot as we both wanted.
We got two containers of basmati rice with the curries.
I got a double order of garlic naan and it was as good as the first time I was here.
The order was packed perfectly for the short ride home and everything was hot when I opened the containers.
A word about service.
Navi took my payment and offered me a glass of water at the bar while I waited.
Mr. Patel, the owner, came out to speak with me as he had done when I was there before.
He is a very genial man and he lets his passion for his restaurant and the quality of the food he serves come out.
We chatted a bit about the patio being opened soon as the weather is cooling.
I'll be returning often.
Again, I say I'm glad they're a short drive from home and I'll be back.
I've been to the Courtyard Café many times as a tourist and less as a resident.
We met friends who are staying at the orleans for dinner last night and they chose the Café.
I got the Cobb salad wrap with Cajun fries.
Wonderful!
My wife had the chicken cutlet and she liked it.
Our two friends were pleased with their meals, so it was a happy table.
For dessert, two of us got the chocolate brownie dream.
It was a good size brownie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and some whipped cream.
Perfect ending to the meal.
This place merits the 4th star for their Cajun fries alone!
That certainly kicks everything up a notch!
I stopped in here this morning because I love grits.
Usually I just have grits as a side when I'm at Denny's or get a small bowl at Red Rock's buffet but this is the real thing.
I got a grits bowl.
I chose the three slices of bacon and I got cheddar cheese on the top.
I asked for the egg sunny side up.
It also came with a choice of toast or biscuit and I got whole wheat toast.
I left the counter carrying my coffee cup and within a relatively short time, a young woman brought my breakfast to me.
Wow, was it good!
Break the yolk, and let it run into the grits along with the butter I had already put in.
Wonderful.
The restaurant is small--nine tables.
There was a couple with two small children at the other table--I hit a quiet morning--and they were visiting from California.
That's the kind of homey atmosphere the place has.
Adam, the young man taking orders today, was a very pleasant guy!
This is stick to your ribs down home cooking.
What that means is that breakfast was heavy laden with carbs so I'll have to do extra at my gym workout this afternoon.
Oh the horror, but it was so worth it.
Thanks to Sylvia and Nelson Q. for their heads up on this great place.
Nelson, thank you for finding this great little place.
I had this bookmarked for a few months and today I gave it a go.
It has to be all 5 stars.
The menu at Skinnyfats is divided into Happy Eats and Healthy Eats.
So of course I looked immediately at the happy side, skipping the healthy side, and I ordered their Bonjour Brulée, which the menu describes as "9 grain bread dipped in our egg white signature crème brulée mixture, pan fried and drizzled with agave nectar."
It comes with three slices of applewood smoked bacon.
There was no whipped cream as Nelson had, but it really is not needed.
You order at the counter, sit anywhere, and then one of the nicest young women brings your coffee or other drink and food to your table.
The French toast was wonderful.
The agave syrup was only needed a tiny bit, and the fresh berries were the perfect topping.
The coffee was good.
While waiting, I took a bunch of photos and just enjoyed the place.
Whoever came up with the theme and the decorations was very creative and imaginative.
I want to use the word cute, but I don't like using the word cute in general.
This is an out of the way place but I can see where they would do a good business from all the businesses in the area.
I wlll be back.
This is a place to try over.
Lunch next time!
This is a place to bring out of town guests for breakfast.
They'll love it.
Nota bene:  Follow Nelson's directions and look at his photos and you'll get right to Skinnyfats straight away!
3.5 stars

Not quite up to a 4 star, but pretty close to it.
I went to the restaurant and ordered take out in person.
I ran into a bit of the language problem Holly mentioned in her review but it wasn't a big problem.
We ordered asparagus chicken and Hunan beef.
I got the beef extra spicy.
Of course, my wife's was gringa--no spice to speak of in the asparagus chicken.
She liked her meal except the asparagus was a bit woody.
My Hunan beef was excellent and it had the extra spiciness I wanted.
I can see coming back here and now that I've ordered in person, I'd call and pre-order.
It's only a mile from home so it's no big deal.
The wait in person was about 10 minutes and I got 3 stars on two Angry Birds levels.
We met friends for dinner tonight at Willy & Jose's.
Our server was a very friendly person with a fine sense of humor.
Two of us ordered a trio of proteins--shrimp, chicken, and beef.
My friend doesn't eat shrimp, so it was put in a bowl on the side with extra sauce and I had double shrimp.
Her husband had beef tacos, and my wife had a chicken dish--the name escapes me.
We all enjoyed our entrees.
Very tasty sauces, good portions without being huge, and just the right amount of seasonings.
For dessert, each couple shared an order of chocolate tacos.
The taco shell was a bit rubbery and was filled with vanilla ice cream.
We made the mistake of not picking it up and eating it like an ice cream sandwich when it was cold and still somewhat frozen.
We were given small spoons when we needed a knife to slice through the bottom of the taco.
Still, it was tasty if a bit challenging to eat.
I'll return to Willy & Jose's.
I agree with the previous posters.
I stopped here when I was in the neighborhood to get gas and there is no pay at the pump.
I had to go inside, tell the woman how much I wanted pumped, show her my ID for the credit card, swipe and then pay.
I will drive by this place in the future.
The set up is just plain dumb and this station aptly earns its name.
I had a show across the street at the Artifice the night I came here and I had a Yelp deal so it was a no brainer to come here for dinner before the show.
Since the temperatures are now in the 100 and stupid range, eating on the patio was not an option for me.
I went inside and was greeted warmly by Theresa and I was told to sit anywhere.
It was 5:30 and most of the people there were at the bar.
I was brought a menu and an iced tea quickly and once my eyes adjusted to the dark interior, I looked through the menu and made my decision.
I ordered a cup of Stilton cheese and cabbage soup for a starter and since they claim their fish and chips are the best in town, I had to test their advertising.
The soup was great.
Good cheese flavor and nice pieces of sliced cabbage.
A good starter.
Next, the fish and chips were brought.
It was not your ordinary fish and chips.
Instead of two or three small filets battered and served, it was one large filet that had been dipped in a batter that when fried, it came out almost like a pastry coating rather than a breading.
That's not a bad thing, it was just so different from anything I've been served before when I've gotten fish and chips.
The meal also came with a small dish of peas.
I liked the moist fish but there was a lot of batter.
I used all the tartar sauce with the fish.
The chips were more British than the normal French fries we're served and they were good.
For dessert, I got the chocolate bread pudding à la mode.
Because the pudding is so hot, Theresa brought the ice cream in a small bowl so it didn't melt over the bread pudding immediately.
Service was very good!
Theresa was a pleasant and efficient server.
She refilled my iced tea without asking.
I like the décor of the place and except for the USC banner, it replicates a British pub fairly well.
There are two dart boards and both were being used while I was there.
I didn't like the loudness of the music.
If I were not dining solo, it would have been difficult to carry on a decent conversation.
I do have to go back and try the Scotch egg.
I forgot all about this.
Next time and one of the pub's pies.
I'll be back.
I attended my first event on Saturday evening, 7 August 2016.
It was the Barbra Streisand concert.
I, like some others, was concerned about parking.
I had several thoughts in mind, but in the end, I used ParkMobile to buy a spot and I chose the Aria event garage.
Everything went smoothly.
I bought my ticket online and printed it out so there was no problem with admission to the event.
The lines were long for the scanners but they moved along and before long I was inside the arena with my ticket scanned by a pleasant young woman who told me the way to go for my seats.
I was not going to spend the multi-hundreds of dollars for the better seats and I abhor floor seats.
They're flat and you just can't see over people in front of you.
I opted for an upper level--the highest upper level.
I got a seat in Row B about in the middle.
I knew when I chose the seat that I'd be closer to the stage than at the horseshoe end of the arena and the seat was just fine albeit Streisand was a mere little thing on the stage below.
I left my binoculars in the car but the big screen is good enough if you want to see a performer larger than they appear from where you're sitting.
At the end of the concert, I started to wait for the people to leave the upper rows so I could get out, too.
I then got the idea of hopping over the Row A seats which I did and I went along the row to the end of that area and walked directly to that level's plaza.
The line for the escalators was large so I walked down the stairs instead ending outside across from the center of the Aria Event garage parking.
I walked toward the front of the arena and somewhat jaywalked to get across before the Metro officer started allowing traffic to move along the street.
The line for the elevators was long at the garage so I walked up the five floors to where my reserved parking was.
A double days worth of gym workout yesterday.
All traffic leaving the garage must turn right and exit north along Frank Sinatra Drive which is exactly the way I wanted to go.
From the end of the concert to my house was 30 minutes.
Not bad at all.
All the staff I came into contact with at the garage or at the arena were very helpful and friendly.
Now that I've been here once, I know thew easy way for me in and out.
You could park at the regular Aria garage and walk over, but I found the paid parking was easier and worth the extra price unless I was staying after an event for some reason.
I'm very pleased with our new arena.
Las Vegas should be proud!
I came here for the first time last night and I was lucky enough to meet two friends in the parking lot.
They led me through the process and made it easy for a Taco y Taco newbie to order what I wanted.
The staff was super friendly and I soon had two tacos--one al pastor and one of their Vampiro.
I also got an elote--the first time I've had this at a Mexican restaurant.
I am a fan of this street food for sure.
The tacos were good.
I got everything on the al pastor and the pineapple tends to overwhelm the rest of the taco.
I also dumped a fair amount of their hottest salsa on, so tasting for details wasn't too much of an option.
I got the Vampiro with carnitas.
The server grabbed a large piece of pork that was simmering in some nice juices and sliced away to put in the Vampiro.
This was very tasty and I'm glad I got it.
As for the elote, I really am a fan.
The cotija and then dusting with Mexican chili powder make for a great taste combination.
Last night was Mariachi Monday and there was a Mariachi band playing in the foyer and just inside the restaurant for about the first hour I was there.
It did make conversation a bit difficult but it added to the atmosphere.
The restaurant has a partial second floor which gives you more options for sitting.
However, when you forget something, like getting a drink and some plastic utensils, it's down the steps and back up again.
Better to get your hunger on a bit more.
As I said before, the staff was really great!
They'll ham it up and pose for any photo op you want and they are helpful in answering any questions.
The ladies at thew register were just the same.
This really was a good stop for tacos.
4.5 stars

I was hesitant to try this place given some of the early reviews, but I was hoping the new owners would make a go of it where several others have failed so we decided to give it a try tonight.
I'm so glad I did.
We were seated promptly--it was not busy--and our hostess asked if it was our first visit.
When we said yes, she explained some things about the food, the menu, and the restaurant.
She then left and got our iced teas.
I ordered the new pollo con mole which is not the chicken listed on their online menu.
They recently replace the pollo limon with the pollo mole.
My wife ordered the pork Yucatan pibil.
With the meals came a soup or salad and we both got the black bean soup.
It had an excellent flavor, but there was one thing missing.
The soup is pureed black beans and I would have liked some chopped or whole beans for texture.
Still, it was very tasty.
Our main dishes were excellent!
The mole on my chicken was rich and had great flavors.
I liked it because it wasn't heavy on the chocolate which I find with some restaurants.
My wife thoroughly enjoyed her pork Yucatan.
Portions were large enough we each could have brought some home for lunch tomorrow, but I, of course, pigged out and ate all of my chicken.
For dessert, we shared--sort of--a large piece of tres leches cake.
Yelpers note: with a check in and the purchase of an entree, you get a dessert.
They also have free wifi.
Service was excellent all night.
The manager came over and spoke with us about our dinners, and our iced tea was always refilled promptly.
I am so glad I gave Baja California a chance.
We will be back!
I've been here two other times.
Today was special as we had our "doughnut crawl" in the large room behind the coffee bar.
The two working the slow shop (it's winter break at UNLV) were very polite and helpful.
I got my usual Black Forest Ice Blended and it was great!
It was quite good of the staff to let us have our Yelp meeting in their room!
I stopped in here tonight for some buzz to keep me awake after a grueling hike today.
The staff was friendly and I was on my way quickly.
Yet another location crossed off my list of Starbucks left to visit.
I have been stopping at the lodge for many years--first as a tourist and then as a local.
Most of the time now, I stop for lunch with my hiking group, something we do once every summer.
The cooler temperatures of the mountain make it a good getaway from the city in the summertime.
There used to be a round fireplace in the center of the lodge which was removed several years ago.
The place lost a bit of its charm in the winter.
We stopped two weeks ago for our summer lunch.
I had their Reuben sandwich and fries.
It was filling and OK.
Nothing special but a treat after a tough hike.
They have gotten a bit stricter about breakfast/lunch times.
It used to be if you go there a little after 11:30, you still could get breakfast.
This year, they were very precise that breakfast had ended and only lunch could be ordered.
A nice place to visit to escape the heat for awhile but don't expect gourmet food.
This was my first stop at this Starbucks.
It was very busy but orders moved along quickly.
Friendly, efficient baristas and cashier staff made the experience a good one.
This is one less Starbucks I need to visit to get to all of them in the Las Vegas Valley.
I've ridden through the park several times on my bike, and I've walked around it once to gain some knowledge about the mesa above and to the west of the park.
Today, we parked at the park, walked through it, and then went cross country on our own trail to see Las Vegas from the top of the mesa for which the Mesas is named.
The park has good parking, nice green spots for kids and adults, and some very nice walking areas.
Since the Great Recession, the area has not grown as much as before and the park is often less busy than some of the other Summerlin parks.
It's a very pleasant place.
This review is for the casino and public display areas only.
I am often at the Palazzo.
Usually it's to have dinner at one of the restaurants at the Palazzo/Venetian complex.
I also stop by a couple times a year to see what kind of displays are there for Chinese New Year, Spring, etc.
in the Palazzo atrium before you get to restaurant row.
The casino is quite large and I find navigating it to be fairly easy.
The best thing about the Palazzo for me is the convenience of the underground garage self parking.
When I visited the Shark Reef, I was a bit underwhelmed.
I expected much more.
The exhibits are interesting, and there are some very nice displays.
The best part for me were the rays.
I enjoyed watching the visitors touch and then jump back.
The sharks were a yawn in a way.
They certainly are eye catching animals, and I found myself picking out one and following it as long as I could.
This is a do once if you're a local.
Make sure you show your Nevada ID for a discount.
My wife and I ate here over a year ago, and I was very disappointed in the meal.
I agree that for the price, I'd expect a nicer place with better service and not an entrance from the parking lot that is like a service entrance.
The food was nothing special.
It is an amalgam, and that's not what we were looking for.
We wanted good Cuban food.
Not here.
This is the one food area where Las Vegas is really lacking.
I had to stop at the Bonneville Transit Center today to pick up an ID card.
Wow!
What a nice facility.
I was never in the old DTC and I can only guess that it couldn't compare with the BTC.
I have yet to ride an RTC bus.
I'm not sure if I'll ever be back here, but it is nice for those people that depend on the bus for getting about Las Vegas.
*** This review is for the casino only ***

I have been to Wynn Las Vegas several times for shows and to eat at the buffet.
The casino is very nice and roomy.
I like the wide aisles which generally allow you to navigate around photo taking tourists who are in a cloud.
I stopped in to see the newer carousel and hot air ballon and was disappointed to find they were artificial flowers instead of real ones.
I was looking closely and a security person asked me if he could help.
When I mentioned the artificial flowers, he confirmed I was correct.
I do like to stop and see the two Jeff Koons sculptures Wynn has purchased.
But I wonder if paying for two guards for each (maybe two only depending on time of day) is worth the cost as opposed to having some fresh flowers in his floral displays.
I do like Koons.
I spent a good amount of time at LACMA in the Koons section so I am very familiar with his work.
It's just that I can't afford to buy one for my place.
Review is for casino only:  This place is OK.
It's a bit spread out, but it's easy to navigate when you know it's little quirks.
They did move my favorite VP machines but a check with one of the floor people let me know where they are.
The audio playing last night--notice I didn't use the word music--was simply awful.
Whoever programmed this must have been high or nuts or both.
Not a bad place to play on the Strip.
I've been having nigiri sushi lately and tonight I decided to have some rolls instead.
I've driven by Go Wild a number of times and I've seen their ad saying 50% off all rolls, all day, every day.
I generally shy away from places that may increase prices only to offer 50% off, but after reading the Yelp reviews, I decided to give Go Wild a try.
I ordered two rolls--the baked Langostino lobster on a California roll and the Kiss of Fire.
The menu describes the baked langostino roll as baked baby lobster, mushroom with dynamite sauce on Cali roll and the Kiss of Fire as Inside-Shrimp tempura, spicy shrimp, cucumber.
Ouside-spicy soft shell crab, albacore, jalapeno topping, extra spicy ponzu sauce.
Both were excellent.
The presentation was great as any good sushi place should have.
The flavors of the lobster mixed with the California roll was very good.
The Kiss of Fire was aptly named.
It had spicy seasonings that gave it that kiss of fire, well a small fire.
I found that the rolls were so good the way they were that I used no soy sauce but merely used the wasabi.
I almost finished the portion they brought and almost asked for more so I could make more fire for myself.
As another reviewer said, they use a small amount of rice.
There isn't a huge amount used to make the roll look bigger than it is or to take the place of other ingredients.
I had a few more rolls on my to try list, but I decided not to pig out but stop at the two and have some dessert.
I got an order of tempura red bean ice cream.
It was a pleasant ending to a good meal.
There were three servers circulating through the restaurant that wasn't very busy.
They were attentive and even after bringing the check, asked me if I wanted another iced tea.
I really liked the decor of the restaurant.
I'm not a fan of sitting at sushi bars, I've come to learn, so I sat at a table.
The music was reggae--odd for a sushi house--and the big screen TV had ESPN's Sports Nation.
It's amazing how good ESPN is when to you don't have to listen to a word of the drivel they're saying.
The TV was on mute so I watched the plays they were chatting about and tapped my feet  to the music.
I'll be back and try some of the other rolls.
3.5 stars

I really thought this dinner would be special but it wasn't.
I was the first person in the restaurant at 5:30.
I was seated by a bus person at a corner table where I was content to be.
The waiter with the French accent suggested I might want a better spot, but I was happy where I was.
The restaurant is made up of small rooms with intimate seating and low lighting.
It would be a romantic place to go.
I had a Groupon for $50 so I ordered off the à la carte menu.
I was brought  some slices of wonderful baguette with a small dish of butter.
Then came a basket, very large, of crudités.
Finally, a small plate with olives-both green and ripe.
The dijon dipping sauce for the vegetables was very tasty.
I only had a few pieces of zucchini so as not to eat too much before the meal.
The homemade terrine de foie gras was a bit of a disappointment.
I guess I was comparing to other foie gras I've eaten and this came up short.
I did like the presentation with the toast points, the separated dish with salt and pepper, the greens with some dressing, and the small amount of cranberry relish on the plate.
Next came the filet au poivre.
It was a bit too done for me.
I asked for it rare and it was somewhat rare, but I should have ordered it black and blue.
That was my error, not theirs.
The cracked pepper was great and the peppercorn sauce was excellent!
The pommes frites were a bit hard although they weren't over-browned.
There was a small broiled tomato slice with the steak.
For dessert, I pre-ordered the chocolate lava cake with the homemade vanilla ice cream and whipped cream.
I took the waiter's suggestion because I was torn between that and the Grand Marnier soufflé.
The dessert was fantastic.
The waiter broke the top of the cake like one would a soufflé.
Some of the molten chocolate came out and lathered the sides of the cake.
He then added a scoop of the ice cream and topped it with the whipped cream.
Summary:  Although I was the first person there, it didn't seem like they were ready even though they opened a half hour before.
The bus person had to brew the iced tea which took awhile.
Since so many diners have wine, maybe this isn't a priority for them.
The bus person didn't bring sugar or artificial sweetener even though he asked me once if I wanted and I said yes.
10 minutes later, he realized he had forgotten and he asked me again.
It wasn't that busy.
While the food was good, i expected so much more for the hype about this place.
I'm glad I tried it, but I'm not sure I'd return.
I ate here once as a tourist and it was on my to do list for a number of years.
I was seated promptly and my server, Mirella, came by to ask for drink order and questions about the menu.
I ordered the chef's tasting menu with the following choices:  lobster bisque, Kurobuta pork belly, filet mignon and shrimp scampi, and a chocolate duo for dessert.
I was soon brought a small bread basket--two rolls and a piece of lavash along with three butter florets, one sweet, one pesto flavored, and the third was ginger peach.
The best was the pesto but it's best to let the butter come closer to room temperature to get the most of the flavors.
I'm glad they downsized the bread basket for one person.
It's smarter than bringing a regular basket and a lot of it goes back.
The lobster bisque was a win.
There was a fair amount of lobster and the broth was good.
The pork belly was a let down.
The menu says that it has root vegetables, farro, quinoa, chimichurri, Chinese five spice.
All these ingredients tended to overpower the pork belly, not enhance it.
The filet was cooked blue as I ordered.
It and two shrimp scampi were served on a  bed of mashed potatoes along with some green beans.
The steak had a red wine reduction and I'd say this was the best part of the meal.
There is no choice for dessert--it's a chocolate duo consisting of two chocolate dishes.
One is a dark chocolate pot de crème--very rich and very good.
The other was a white chocolate shaped cup holding some fresh berries and vanilla mousseline.
Service was excellent during the meal.
Mirella brought me a fresh glass of iced tea before I asked for a refill and she was there to refill my coffee with dessert.
The view is great.
I found myself less concentrated on looking at Las Vegas Boulevard and the Strip hotels and more of the neighborhoods.
The tourists were all taking photos of the Strip.
The meal was A-OK but you're paying Strip prices plus an extra for the view.
The bonus is you have access to the rooftop observation deck after dinner.
If you subtract the $12 cost of just going up the tower for the view, the price is a bit better.
What's to say about a post office.
I had to mail a package and I dropped it off here directly.
I printed the postage at home, so it was simply a matter of getting my package into the box at the PO so it went out as soon as possible.
There is ample parking.
Sometimes the line inside can be awful.
I've eaten here a lot of times because it's almost in my back yard.
Visiting twice in the last week reminded me that it was time for a review.
Thursday evening, we met friends for the dinner buffet.
The prime rib was outstanding - red, the way I love it.
They were also grilling slices for people who want their meat dead.
The shrimp were good, but I did skip having any sushi.
Instead, I loaded up on some kimchee and then on to the gelato area for my dessert fix.
Today, we went for breakfast.
It's always a nice way to start the day.
A bit of chopped chicken liver, some smoked salmon, and a small sampling of oatmeal with raisins, brown sugar, and cinnamon.
I'll be back often.
I like the food and the ambiance.
My only complaint is, "Where the hell are the spoons?"
You'd think they'd at least have spoons automatically in the morning table settings when so many people are having coffee.
This is not just a Red Rock gripe, either.
I see this more often around town.
Why?
I got a message from a member of the cast telling me I was wrong about my comments of the actors not playing their guitars.
The cast member told me it was not correct to state the men faked playing their guitars and let me know that all of the cast play their guitars.
Because of this new information, I would upgrade the show to four stars from my previous review.
It is a good show!
This is the Wells Fargo branch I usually visit.
It's conveniently located across the street from Costco so I can get gas a cash in a one, two swipe.
The only problem I sometimes have here is the wait in line if I have to do more than ATM transactions.
It can be slow.
Good service and knowledgeable staff if you need to see one of the bank representatives in the offices there.
I'm going to agree with Oscar and give Neonopolis 4 stars for what it's becoming rather than for what it is now.
The place is no longer on life support and it shows many signs of life and the future looks brighter from the past years when a few restaurants and shops opened and quickly closed for lack of business.
Telemundo coming and renting a good portion of the area for its studios was a boost.
The new Denny's is certainly a boost.
There is a new bar, Drink and Drag, that garners good reviews from the Yelp crew.
Finally, the new zip line ride is being constructed right in the middle of the place.
All these things point to renewed hope for the concept which never really made a go until now.
This morning, I had breakfast at the new Denny's.
I parked in the underground garage which is very, very handy!
One flight of stairs to walk up and I was there.
I was surprised when I got to the booth that there was no charge for the parking.
Their website says free parking with validation but Denny's doesn't validate.
Perhaps it was because I was less than an hour and it was a weekday morning.
Whatever the case, it was a nice bonus.
We are so spoiled by the free parking common in Las Vegas.
I'll make a point of coming here more often.
I want to ride the new zip line when it's done.
Seems like it would make a good UYE.
Since Simon is closing soon, I needed to get here and try the famous Sunday brunch when the servers all wear pajamas and the food is abundant.
The brunch is divided into two parts--a regular bar area where you can take an assortment of rolls and other sweets, treats like fruit flavored crispy treats and large peel and eat shrimp from a large tub.
In addition, you can have a panini or crepe made and there are other goodies there, too.
The other choice is to order items off the menu that is part of Sunday brunch.
I first got some treats off the regular buffet like spread, basically junk food--well let's say, food with lots of sweetness.
The winner here was the cake pop.
That was quite good.
I had several items from the order menu.
The lobster havarti Benedict was great and the Simon French toast made from dipping the brioche into frosted flakes was quite good, too.
The winner today though was a small baguette sandwich made with fig jam and bleu cheese.
With the baguette put on the panini maker, the cheese melted and the fig and cheese together was the best thing I had.
Service was OK.
I had two different servers.
Coffee was not refilled until I asked and at one point I had three dirty dishes on the side of my two top high table.
I'm glad I took the opportunity to go here before  Simon closes.
We have become fans of Five Guys Burgers.
Tonight, I got a cheeseburger and fries for my wife because I was going to the Strip for dinner.
I ordered online for the first time because this new outlet is so close to my house.
I left a bit early and it was good.
Downtown Summerlin is still going through the opening weekend and the number of cars trying to get in was huge.
I was forced by Metro to drive around.
I wanted to give him a finger salute but I thought better of it!
It was worth the extra time.
I arrived at Five Guys at the time I had said I would pick up the burger and they were just finishing up.
The place was slammed and there must have been 12 employees behind the counter.
Even with all the people in the restaurant, there was no line and the employees were efficient and knew what they were doing.
There must have been some good pre-opening training!!
My wife reports that everything was very good.
I'm sure we'll be there more often as things quiet down a bit.
Welcome to the neighborhood, Five Guys!
I've been here for numerous shows over the years and I have seen the venue change--somewhat for the better as improvements have been made.
The stadium seating makes it easier to see some shows such as Popovich's Comedy Pet Theatre.
The posts that are necessary to support the upstairs rooms and probably can't be removed.
I would give this venue 4 stars, but I simply can't because of the seating which always runs late.
The staff always tells you the theatre will open 1/2 hour before shows.
The first show currently starts at 2:30 PM.
The 2 PM opening time turned into 2:20.
You stand and wait in line at 2:10 being optimistic, and then you stand there for another 10 minutes.
Yes, this was a general admission show but the theatre was less than half full, so there was no need to be in line just to get the best seats--they were all good.
This venue has a number of shows to appeal to a variety of audiences.
I admire the staff for their ability to get people seated quickly--albeit on their own time schedule.
Later shows start seating after the prior show so they have less control over that.
I will be going back to this theatre for shows in the future.
It is a good venue!
After many months of going by Bachi, I decided to give it a go and I'm glad I did.
We went in late afternoon and were seated immediately--there were only two other tables occupied.
Our server was Allen and he was very good about answering questions.
He first found out we were first timers, so he was eager to help.
I ordered the Black and green burger, a burger made from American wagyu with mushrooms, spinach, bacon, bleu cheese and garlic.
I thought my wife would get a plain burger with cheese but she surprised me by wanting the Kiki burger.
We also got an order of salt and pepper garlic fries.
The burgers were fantastic!
We each enjoyed what we had ordered.
The burgers were very juicy and I love the soft buns they make fresh daily.
The fires were good but I didn't taste any garlic.
They were salted nicely and they had a couple of thin jalapeño slices which was nice.
It came time for dessert and we had decided we'd have the tasting of three flavors of ice cream sandwiches.
It turned out that they had sold the last ones the night before.
I asked if the molten chocolate cake actually took 20 minutes and Allen confirmed this.
We had no place to go so we decided to order the cake and just wait.
After about 20 minutes, one of the chef's came to the table with our dessert and apologized for the way it looked, assured us it would taste a lot better than it looked, and told us it would be no charge.
Something had gone awry and the cake just didn't hold its form and it looked a bit flattened.
He was correct--it was delicious.
I still want to go back and try the triple flavors ice cream sandwiches and I need to try their salted caramel, toasted marshmallow shake.
When we left, Andrea said to me that we should go there once a week.
I said no.
Maybe once a month or so but there are so many good places to try.
I really liked Bachi!
Although limited in my experience with Mediterranean food, I have to go all in for the Hummus Factory with the 5 stars.
Two of us came here to share various items.
The restaurant had few customers at 5 PM on Friday night.
We ordered:

Factory hummus order and pita (free with Yelp check in)
Falafel appetizer with fresh vegetables and tahini sauce
Meat combination with one beef kabob, one kafta, one sujuk and one kibbi with baba ghanoush (susbstiution of zucchini fries for rice for an upcharge)
Gyro sandwich (substitute eggplant fries instead of rice for an upcharge)
Baklava
Rice pudding
Shabiet

I ordered an iced tea also and was brought refills several times without needing to ask.
I also asked if I could sample their ghost pepper sauce that you can get with hummus.
Our server, Nikki, brought a small cup of the sauce and warned me to only dip the pita in a little bit of the sauce.
That's what I did and immediately started hiccuping from the reaction to the heat of the ghost pepper.
I won't be eating that--it is very hot as I guessed it would be.
First off before trying the ghost pepper sauce, we were brought an order of hummus and very hot, house made pita bread.
Both were excellent.
The pita was so light and fluffy in texture.
It was with a small piece of the pita that I tries the ghost pepper sauce.
We also had a small round of butter that was flavorful with the pita.
Next up came the falafel appetizer.
Good falafels with good tasting tahini and a selection of fresh vegetables to go with the falafel.
Next came our two main courses.
One was a gyro sandwich with zucchini fries and one was the meat combination with eggplant fries and an order of baba ghanoush.
Of the fries, the eggplant were better to my taste although the zucchini were good, too.
Good gyro.
The meat combination was very good.
Standout on this dish was the sujuk--spicy sausage.
The spice was perfect for this meat.
We ended our meal with 3 desserts, baklava, rice pudding, and shabiet.
The baklava is much different than I've had before.
There is honey but it's not dripping or swimming in honey.
In addition, it's small in width and shaped like a piece of Kit Kat.
Very tasty and a different way of making it.
The rice pudding was quite creamy and very good and last, the shabiet with its ashta cream was very good.
The shabiet is shaped like a turnover and has this wonderful cream inside.
Part of my five stars also is for the service.
Our factory worker, Nikki, was really a pleasant woman who was quite interesting to speak with and she was always there to refill iced tea or my companion's water glass.
It's quite a story that this brick and mortar restaurant came about after its start as a food truck restaurant.
I came to Toscano to see a show and I decided to have dinner first.
My table was waiting with a name tag on it when I was shown into the restaurant.
I ordered from the menu rather than getting their special Valentine's Day menu.
I was quickly brought an iced tea and some bread and butter.
In a short time, the calamari I ordered for an appetizer was brought.
It was lightly breaded and fried briefly.
It was served with a marinara sauce that was tasty but it was not spicy as the menu indicated.
For the main course, I got pappardelle in saffron sauce with shrimp.
It was good although I thought the shrimp were a bit chewy.
The saffron sauce was quite good.
Before ordering a dessert, my server brought me a complimentary tiramisu.
Perhaps it was because of my dinner and show reservations because everyone in the side room where I ate were going to the show, too, and they all got the tiramisu.
Service was very good.
The server addressed me by name throughout the evening and he was around to check to see how everything was during the meal.
The Gary Colombo Showroom is right off the dining room and they plan on having ongoing shows of various kinds with dinner available before/after the performances.
I have been coming here mostly for ink for my inkjet printer.
Their prices are good considering it's OEM ink as compared to some of the refilled cartridges you can buy online for less.
I have found the staff to be very helpful when I've been looking for other things and I have that lost look.
I periodically get mailings with varying amounts off on purchases of a certain amount.
Parking is generally easy.
The only problem is getting in and out of Canyon Pointe.
A 5 star dining experience in every respect.
I was greeted at the podium by two lovely ladies who both expressed a hearty "welcome back" to me.
I was shown to my table which was one row in from the windows overlooking the Bellagio fountains.
The table was waiting for me.
There was just one chair and one place setting waiting.
My server was Blake.
He had a great sense of humor, was helpful when I asked for a suggestion (later at dessert time), and he was there without hovering.
I noticed him approaching out of the corner of my eye when I was taking a photo and he just detoured to the next table.
When I was done, he came back.
He said I wouldn't want his hand in my photo.
I got the dégustation menu.
There was an amuse-bouche--a small tea cup with some red bell pepper soup and a pheasant croquette.
The soup was very tasty and the croquette was equally tasty.
A nice way to start.
Bread service is not the usual basket on the table.
A bus person comes around and gives you two types of bread.
This is one area that could use a little upgrading, but best not to fill up on bread so I give Picasso a pass on this point.
First course--lobster salad.
I enjoyed the taste of the "salad" and the plating was whimsically done.
This is really not a salad, but a dish with a mound of lobster and some micro greens, pear tomato halves, some tiny melon balls, and some whole pink peppercorns which was a delight to chew along with the salad.
Second course--One scallop on a mound of potato mousseline with a ring of veal jus.
There was one very thin, lightly fried potato slice that was bent and sticking up like a little covering for the scallop.
Excellent presentation.
The scallop was perfect!
Third course--Foie gras.
A superb piece of foie gras with some almond slices, roasted pistachio pieces (ground) and a small brioche with rhubarb filling.
The plating had one line of tangerine sauce connection the foie gras with the brioche.
Fourth course--I chose the Colorado rack of lamb.
It's not really a rack of lamb but rather was a think lamb medallion that I asked to be done rare and it was exactly the way it should be.
Again, the plating was impeccably done.
Dessert--What to get?
The dessert menu had 6 choices.
When Blake came by and I asked his advice, he pointed to two choices, both of which were at the top of my list.
He tipped the scale in favor of the chocolate truffle beignets.
Imagine three small round beignets filled with warm chocolate truffle, accompanied by peanut butter ice cream.
The ice cream was atop a small tart of rich creme that had some large pearl tapioca in it.
There was a small piece of crackled peanut butter by the tart.
This was an absolute fine ending to a wonderful meal.
Again I have to mention the plating.
This is what makes a dining experience like this memorable.
After dessert, you're given a small tray with 7 truffles.
Obviously this would be for two people.
Since I was by myself, I made the sacrifice and ate them all.
One was a miniature lemon meringue tart!
Heaven!
About the service.
There was one bus person and one waiter assigned to the tables in my area.
The bus person was always there refilling my iced tea, taking plates away, asking if I wanted more bread, always aware of the needs of each table.
When I was fidgeting with my camera bag when I first sat down, he came over and hooked it on one of those table hooks I think originally made to hold a woman's purse.
A final note--during the meal a woman came by and greeted me and she said "welcome back" too.
Later I asked Blake if this was a common way of greeting guests as it was my first time at Picasso.
He said the computer had me listed as a repeat guest.
On leaving, you're given a small box with 3 palmiers.
The box has the ubiquitous Picasso on it.
Dessert for tonight.
This truly was a special dining experience!
I have added a few photos, but I tried not to duplicate the ones already posted.
I came here to give it a try and chose the 3 course Prix fixe menu which consists of an appetizer, a main course, and a dessert.
I was surprised by how small the restaurant was inside.
There's more seating in the hallway that leads to the rear tower of the Tropicana Hotel.
I decided to eat inside because there had been a whole lot of people rolling suitcases down that hall and I wanted a little more quiet.
The restaurant inside is almost all white.
The bread basket was brought quickly.
A couple of things here.
The bread was very dry, stale even, and the mixture of olive oil and balsamic vinegar is just the wrong shape for this dipping sauce.
There's way too much olive oil and the balsamic just sits at the bottom.
The basket had a piece of lavash, some focaccia, a roll, and a slated bread stick.
The star of that basket was the salted bread stick.
For a main course, I got the linguini with Manilla clams in a white wine sauce.
There were 10 clams arranged around the pasta.
This was excellent.
I wanted to drink the sauce left, but I used some of the bread to soak up the white wine sauce and I finished it that way.
For those who don't like salty foods, I could taste a fair amount of salt in the sauce.
I love salt so this was a good thing.
Others need to be warned about that.
For dessert, I got the tiramisu.
This was a very large piece of tiramisu different from what I've generally had, but it was very tasty.
On top was a lot of cocoa powder which set off the sweetness beneath.
The prix fixe menu gives you coffee or tea and a glass of house wine.
I got iced tea and instead of wine, I had a cup of coffee with dessert.
At most places, that would cause fits and an extra charge.
Here it was just fine!
I was going to give Bacio 3.5 stars, but shortly after I was seated, Chef Pellegrino had a meltdown with one of her staff--enough so that most people in the restaurant looked where she was and watched and listened.
She was giving grief to one of her bus people for wasting bread.
The meltdown ended with her saying, "That costs money."
She walked out of the restaurant for a few moments and then came back.
The show was worth an extra 1/2 star.
Brava!
The service by all the staff was superb!
I do have one complaint.
The French term for your kind of menu, Chef Pellegrino, is Prix fixe as you well know.
Please don't be lazy and spell it prefix like many people do who have no clue as to the origin of the term.
I know it sounds like prefix but don't succumb to dumbing down your own menu because people don't know.
Chef Pellegrino is very talented.
She was working in the kitchen all the time I was there.
Obviously she cares.
I am sure I'll make a return visit!
Mr. ChopStix is an OK place.
I stopped here for a late lunch/early dinner and ordered too much as it turned out.
For an appetizer, I ordered the Chinese pancake with pork and cabbage stuffing.
I ordered noodles dan dan and a mango iced tea.
The meal was brought in reverse.
Since it took longer for the pancakes to be made than the noodles, I got the noodle dish first and as I was eating that, the pancakes were brought.
Sometime in between the noodles and the pancake, I asked about the iced tea which had not yet been delivered.
She went to the drink bar area and retrieved an iced tea for me.
When I ordered the noodles, the server checked to make sure I knew they were spicy.
Yes, I knew, but they weren't.
On the tables are condiments common to noodle and rice shops.
Take the red jar of spicy chili pepper and oil and spoon heaping amounts on the noodles if you want your noodles spicy.
The noodles were brought out so quickly they weren't sufficiently heated tasting just a bit over room temperature.
I didn't boiling hot noodles but they should have bene heated more.
The pancakes are definitely a dish to share when there is more than one person but I made the sacrifice and finished both pancakes and the noodle dish.
Except for the drink, service was good and the young woman came by several times to check.
There are plenty of noodle shops in this city that are better and will get my future business.
Mr. ChopStix is OK--just ok.
I've walked by Delmonico and stopped to look at the menu many times as I've gone through restaurant row on my way to/from the parking garage at the Palazzo.
With a show later, I made an early reservation for Delmonico.
I was promptly greeted and seated.
I knew the steaks were large unless I got a petit filet (not my favorite cut of steak) so I ordered a bone in ribeye, a side of cheesy grits with bacon, and then bread pudding for dessert.
I had a trio of servers who took good care of service.
I ordered the steak cooked blue and it was close to that but a bit beyond.
The steak was quite average.
The steak was pre-seasoned and it was OK.
The star of dinner was the cheesy grits with bacon.
They were very good!
The bread pudding was white chocolate macadamia nut with creme Anglaise.
It was OK, too.
The dinner never had any wow factor to merit the prices charged.
Things were average except the grits.
I thought the dried branches on the poinsettia on the wall by my table reflected the lack of attention to detail one would expect of a high end restaurant like Delmonico.
Service was very good and the servers were friendly but I left feeling somewhat disappointed.
Well, at least there'll be no need to stop and peruse the menu anymore.
I found this Bouchon Bakery a little over a month ago when I searched the Venetian and finally found it by the entrance from the Boulevard near the pedestrian walkway to TI.
It's a small space but they pack a lot of goodness here.
I also found yet another Bouchon Bakery one floor above almost where you enter the hotel when you come over the pedestrian walkway.
Bouchon Bakery plus 2.
This will be more convenient for me when I want something from the bakery when I'am at the Palazzo.
It's not too much to go there from the Palazzo displays.
Today, I only bought one pain au chocolate.
It was excellent, my wife reported.
Silly me, did I think I was going to get to eat it?
I like to try different things from Bouchon Bakery.
I love their macarons but I can buy just as good at a bakery closer to home and their price is better than Bouchon's.
This place is always worth a stop if just to look and, yes, buy!
This is not my normal pharmacy/all purpose drugstore.
I go here when I need an item quickly.
I had another stop to make in Village Square this afternoon, so I killed to birds with one stone.
I quickly found what I needed, paid, and was out the door in less than three minutes.
That's good for me.
I stopped here yesterday for lunch/dinner.
With the Las Vegas Film Festival, I have to eat early so I can get to as many screenings as possible.
I ordered the lamb pita with fries.
When I made a bit of a face when the gentleman mentioned fries, he said I could get any of their sides instead of fries for a small upcharge of $.99.
I went with the falafel side.
I also ordered and iced tea.
Taking a number and putting it on my table, I first got my iced tea and then after a short wait, my sandwich came.
The lamb was tender and there was a good amount of lamb in the pita wrap.
The falafel were just OK.
There was standard hummus with the falafel and some extra pita slices were on the side.
Everyone in the place was super nice.
The food was served in a decent amount of time and it was good.
I think it's a little on the high end price side given what you get.
I looked at their kebab dishes that some other people had gotten and I'm afraid it wouldn't be enough for dinner if I came here for take out.
I'm glad I checked that out.
I guess I'd come back but I'm not sure.
I can get a great sandwich at the theatre for the same price and sit in a reclining chair.
I had to waste an hour while my wife was at a doctor's appointment nearby, so I came here and did some shopping and then went to their Starbucks.
Shopping was a breeze, I did the self checkout and the barista at Starbuck's was pleasant and quick.
They don't have their wifi working yet.
It shows up as existing, but devices don't yet connect to it.
It seems as though Albertsons is making wifi available in all stores where there's a Starbucks.
That's a great convenience.
I stopped in here today to give the place a test drive.
I got the Chicken Caesar wrap and a diet Coke--none of those health drinks for me.
The wrap was good.
The only criticism I have is putting essentially Caesar salad in a wrap including the croutons.
If I come back and get this, I'd definitely ask for the croutons to be omitted.
Sandwiches, wraps, and burgers come with a choice of sweet potato fries, fruit, or mixed green salad.
I took the healthy choice by getting the sweet potato fries.
The wrap is a bit pricey--$9.50.
I don't think the value is there for this amount of food.
Maybe I paid extra for all the health I got.
Namaste - Hello, I've been waiting quite awhile to meet you.
I came today to try your lunch buffet, and it's every bit as good as others have commented!
I ate mostly vegetarian dishes because they were so good and they came first on the buffet.
There wasn't much room for anything else.
Well yes there was, but the vegetarian selections were excellent!
For plate one, I had some Saag Paneer, Dal Maknni, Butter chicken and another chicken whose name I can't remember.
(Note to self - bring a notepad).
The spiciness of the first two dishes--the vegetarian ones--was simply superb!
The spices were not overpowering but were just right.
There was also a little bite which is always welcome.
For plate two, I had some Aloo Korma, Fried cabbage, Eggplant Bartha, and some more Dal Maknni.
Again, the flavors were outstanding.
Plate three - I tried three of their chutneys - tamarind, coconut, and mint.
They were all good, but the tamarind was my favorite.
I used them as a condiment on my naan.
While it was not needed--the naan was excellent--I did want to try the chutneys alone and this was the bets option for me.
My last dish was a small bowl of mango custard that was a perfect ending to the meal.
Service was right on.
Dishes were removed, iced tea refilled, and the waiter checked on me often to see if there was anything I needed.
The hostess was a simply lovely woman who was very friendly.
She had to leave while I was eating to run an errand, and she came over and thanked me for coming by and asked me to return.
Top notch customer interaction!
I will be back!
Now I need to nap!
Again, hello Namaste!
*** Review is for Spring 2013 Restaurant Week menu ***

I didn't know SHe by Morton's existed until I saw it on the Restaurant Week list.
SInce I've eaten at most places in Aria and have yet to try more than Mastro's in Crystals, I put this on my list for restaurant week.
Course 1:  I started with a Caesar salad.
It was quite a large serving.
It had just the right amount of dressing and the croutons were flat pieces of crusty, toasted bread almost like little Melba toast rounds.
Course 2:  I ordered the marinated skirt steak extra rare.
When the steak came out, it was a 6 ounce filet they were substituting.
It had an excellent char and was bright pink rather than being the red it should have been.
Course 3:  For this course, you have a choice of one side.
I chose the wild mushrooms.
They were excellent and there was a large amount.
If two people were dining, two of these sides would be more than enough to share.
It would have been nice if I could have gotten half portions of two sides, but I understand the need for conformity.
Course 4:  I went with the Shesecake.
On their menu, it has this description:  Cream Cheese Bavarian, Champagne Strawberries.
There was a sprig of lavender on the top and some graham cracker crumbles on the side besides the graham crust.
The Shesecake was very, very good.
It was not like any cheesecake I had before.
I'm glad I read Heather's review before I went.
Because she stated the cinnamon twists were blah, I had to go with the Shesecake.
Service was excellent.
Before being taken to your table, your asked to sit at the bar while the table is readied.
It's actually a way of forcing you to buy a drink.
I got a diet Coke and took that to the table with me.
During the meal, my server came around and asked if it was regular or diet.
With 1/3 of a glass to go, he still removed that and gave me a fresh drink.
He then brought me a small plate with sliced lemon wedges for the soda.
He was around several times.
After each course was delivered, he checked to make sure everything was OK.
The staff was very on top of the restaurant during the time I was there, and they really move.
I almost opted for patio seating, but I decided to eat indoors to see the interior as this was my first visit.
I'm glad I did.
I still had a chance to watch tourists walk by outside the windows, and I had a good view of part of the Aria Hotel.
I am pleased that SHe by Morton's participated in Restaurant Week and I'll be returning to try some of their seafood offerings.
The menu is tempting!
After a performance at the nearby Winchester Cultural Center, I used my Yelp app to find an ice cream place.
A couple of chain yogurt places came up as did La Neveria which was just a block and a half from where I was.
La Neveria is Spanish for the ice cream parlor.
I found the store quickly.
On entering, I noticed it was crowded but there were some seats available.
I took my time studying the various options--a shake, a smoothie, food, or just ice cream.
I ended up getting the ice cream I came for.
After looking at the different flavors, I ordered a two scoop cup of guanabana and pineapple-coconut.
I used to drink guanabana juice on breaks during my working days and I like the flavor.
After paying and getting my cup, I noticed that the group who had been at the long counter at the windows had gone and I had a great seat waiting.
The ice cream was good.
It's not artisan ice cream but it's good and it hit the spot.
The women working the counter were pleasant and helpful.
The place was clean and bright.
This is what I love about living in a big city with a diverse population.
You never know where your next find will be.
This review is for the casino and restaurant areas only.
I came here to meet two friends at the Griddle Cafe the morning they were open.
After breakfast, I took the time to roam the property and see the restaurant selection and make note of places I want to come back and try.
The casino area was not very crowded until I was leaving because i had arrived so early.
The line for The Code--their slot club--was very long wqhen I left.
The casino is rather small compared to what it was when the hotel was the Sahara.
The emphasis here is less on gaming and more on food and entertainment.
The place has been nicely redone.
The porte-cochère is completely different and has a sculpture called SAM, for Philippe Starck's idea of Sam Nazarian.
It, along with much of the interior was designed by Starck.
He's not a fan of traditional Las Vegas slot machine toppers so he designed the faces that have tongues.
He also used Nazarian's girlfriend as a model for the entrance to Cleo.
This is a place worth coming back to for restaurant trying.
I'm not sure the LiFE Club would be something appealing to me and it wouldn't be my first choice for gaming.
But the restaurant lineup looks enticing on its own.
Michael U. and I met here for dinner before a show and the meal was excellent!
Our server, Kelly, asked us a few questions and got our drink order before leaving us to check the menu and make our choices.
When we ordered, we said we were sharing everything and asked for plates for the splitting.
No problem at all.
We started with an amuse-bouche of chick peas on lightly toasted bread.
A very nice starter to get the meal off to a tasty start.
First up were two starters--warm tripe "alla"Romana and country style paté.
Both were excellent.
The tripe was cut in small strips that were very tender and the tomato sauce was mild and complimented the tripe perfectly.
There was freshly grated cheese on top.
The paté, made with pork, was served with blackberry conserve, greens, and cotica.
The paté was very good.
Two nice starters to begin the meal.
For the pasta course, we got the pork trotter ravioli and the beef cheek ravioli.
They allowed us to order off the tasting menu for the beef cheek ravioli.
For the pork trotter, there was freshly grated cheese.
The beef cheek ravioli was in a sauce of black truffles and crushed duck liver.
Both dishes were superb!
The beef cheek had a hearty flavor of truffle and liver.
The pork trotter had pieces of chive and their blossoms.
The textures in the pork trotter ravioli were great.
Two winners for the pasta course.
For main courses, we got rabbit porchetta and roasted lamb shoulder.
The rabbit was accompanied by a carrot sformato, sunflower sprouts and crispy confit.
The flavors were excellent and the rabbit was very tasty.
The lamb shoulder was cooked medium rare and served with cannellini beans and some greens.
Both main courses wer outstanding!
Very flavorful, simple yet elegant dishes.
For dessert, M ordered the chocolate budino and I ordered a special--peaches and cream.
M's budino was made more like a soufflé and the chocolate could have been richer.
The top was pierced and some melted chocolate poured on the top.
The peaches and cream were fantastic!
The dish consisted of lightly grilled peach slices on a bed of mascarpone and a peach sorbet.
A very simple dish executed so nicely.
After dinner, we were brought a box with 7 mignardises.
A tasty selection of little bites to end our meal.
Service was outstanding during our meal.
Plates were cleared quickly, new silverware and dishes were brought for each course, and the explanations of the dishes was great!
After walking by B&B so many times and looking at the menu, it was really good to try the place.
Eating with a friend also gave me the chance to taste double the amount of items without eating double the amount of food.
I went to 28GO Monday evening for a UYE 5 course vegan dinner that was a farewell dinner for Jen F. who's leaving Las Vegas and moving to Milwaukee, WI.
(Go figure!)
:)  She arranged with the chef at 28GO to make a Prix Fixe dinner of five courses.
I'll use the chef's descriptions:

Course 1:  This was called Popeye's Revenge and was a spinach roll dressed with spicy garlic sesame and laced with sweet balsamic-soy glaze done to look like cuts of a sushi roll.
Tasty mushrooms in the spinach.
good seasoning, and the plating was very well done.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/28go-the-restaurant-las-vegas?select=_sAqDGLULvhcj9kjhfKS8A#pKPj_Y4VjqiYU6s9sDYzGg

Course 2: This was a tofu poke martini which was lightly seared tofu cubes tossed in sesame-soy wasabi oil atop a seaweed salad mix.
It was a martini because the presentation was in a martini glass.
The tofu was excellent--a nice crisp outside and great tasting dressing.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/28go-the-restaurant-las-vegas?select=_sAqDGLULvhcj9kjhfKS8A#XygDeqRJb33GticwMFhMoA

Course 3: This course was named grilled vegetable Napoleon with a blue agave glazed grilled assorted vegetables with cabernet vinaigrette and tamarind-miso paint.
The vegetables were eggplant, onions, and bell pepper and it was plated beautifully to resemble the layers in a Napoleon.
Again, seasoning was well done.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/28go-the-restaurant-las-vegas?select=_sAqDGLULvhcj9kjhfKS8A#tz7L0Wj-nOMw9xZPq63Bkw

Course 4: 28Gp kimchee o-nigiri which is the house kimchee rice triangles with portabella mushrooms and salt cured cold tofu.
This was my favorite of the night.
I really liked the spiciness of the rice and the salt with the tofu was superb!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/28go-the-restaurant-las-vegas?select=_sAqDGLULvhcj9kjhfKS8A#1ttjaX7efdZkIM2ObksT8w

Course 5: White Rabbit is made from imported Thai coconut milk ice cream rolled inside a white mochi quilt.
The ice cream was very flavorful and the quilt was tasty, too!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/28go-the-restaurant-las-vegas?select=_sAqDGLULvhcj9kjhfKS8A#GYCMqWYG39oSp5RXEo_f6w

In addition, I had for a drink a 28GO coconut cream fizz with tapioca pearls.
This is a non-alcoholic drink that was refreshing and added to the meal.
The food was excellent, the plating was well thought out given the names for the dishes, and service was excellent!
I found the meal filling and I'd really like to go back and try the place again.
I thought the meal was a bit pricey given there was no animal protein and even organic vegetables wouldn't merit the price we paid.
The restaurant is a small place behind the Rebel Book Store across Maryland Parkway from campus.
Monday night was a great evening.
There was no one else there besides the 10 of us for awhile.
Good luck, Jen.
I've never had a Dole Whip so when this was suggested as an after hike stop for some cool refreshment, I was in!
I was also quite stupid because I didn't know that the place was a serve yourself yogurt place and I went right to the counter to order my Dole Whip thinking they had do do some kind of magic.
When the attendant asked me if I wanted that layered (as per a photo she showed me or like yogurt) I chose the like yogurt.
She left and came back with a copy of Dole Whip that I could have gotten myself from the yogurt dispensers on the west wall.
DUH!
The Dole Whip yogurt was very good.
Tart and in my case a rich pineapple flavor.
While eating my yogurt, I got the chance to check the place out and see tghe other flavors they had and the sandwiches they offer.
This place merits four stars for the yogurt and for the great customer service.
The young lady at the counter could have easily told me I could take a cup and get what I wanted and then have it weighed.
Instead, she took my gray hair into account and did it for me!
:)

I'll be back to serve myself and try one of the Dole Whip floats.
Four of us stopped here for lunch after hiking yesterday.
This has been bookmarked for a long time so I was glad we were going here.
We ordered on the right side where you enter and then waited at a table on the more dining room side.
I ordered the meat trio with pork, ribs, and hot link.
I also showed them my Yelp check in offer for a free pudding with a sandwich which they honored even though I didn't order a sandwich.
Since the trio is more expensive, I guess it doesn't matter.
I could tell from the time we walked in that they did their own smoking.
The place is heavy with the smell of smoke.
In fact, the first thing I did when I got home was to change my shirt.
The trio of meats was OK.
The pork was lukewarm at best and was dry.
It needed their BBQ sauce.
Two of us had gotten that and both were the same so there was something not right with the heating in the kitchen.
The meat fell off the ribs and was very good.
I'm surprised I liked them as much as I did.
The hot link was also good.
As a side I got the kicken beans but there was nothing these beans were going to kick.
They were just normal baked beans with some spice.
The banana pudding was OK.
It was nothing special and I'm sure it comes from some kind of bulk make your own package.
The serve yourself soda was great.
I was really thirsty after the hike and I went back and refilled several times.
I guess I sealed the deal yesterday and realized I'm really not a BBQ person.
Lunch was OK but it's nothing that I would crave nor go out of my way to get again.
I found the Drago Sisters Bakery, I found the Drago Sisters Bakery.
I want to keep shouting it!
On the way back to the freeway from Lazy Joe's Fish and Chips, I saw this small shop in a plaza when it was too late to stop.
I made a decision to do a U at the light at the freeway (perfectly legal), and I doubled back and was thrilled when they were open.
I think I put on a few pounds just looking at those delightful pastries in the cases.
After getting a sample of the mini très leches, I was hooked.
She reeled me right in with that freebie.
It's heaven!
I got 4 items to go--3 cake truffles; one red velvet, one coconut, and one pumpkin.
I couldn't let the 4th little area go empty so I got a mini très leches to round out the container.
Wow!
Everything is so good.
I think my tongue touched the floor when I saw the red velvet cheesecake.
A word of advice:  the sisters are on the wrong side of Rainbow for many people.
Try not to go here on a Friday evening at 5 PM!
It took me three lights to get on the freeway, but my lovelies are sitting in the refrigerator to be consumed judiciously and with great relish!
Thanks, Ken!!!
I had a private dining room for breakfast.
OK, it wasn't private, there was just no one else there.
This was a really different place to come.
Evidently, I got there after the breakfast crowd had gone and before the lunch people came.
It was quite OK.

A gentleman greeted me at the door and said to sit wherever I wanted.
He brought a menu and said the server would be right there.
After a few minutes, she hadn't come out of the kitchen yet.
He asked me what I'd like to have and I asked him what the frittata of the day was.
He said, "I can make you anything you want."
He then gave me several options and I chose the frittata with sun dried tomatoes and feta cheese.
He had brought me coffee already and the server appeared from what she was doing while he went to the kitchen to work his magic.
The frittata was soon delivered along with the rye toast I requested.
The toast had some house made "jam" that they made from fresh fruits.
The fruits were cooked down until there was some thickness and then sweetened the server explained to me.
It was more of a dipping sauce than a spread but it was very good!
I finished this fine breakfast.
Service was really very good.
I know I caught them at a bad time as they must have been preparing for their lunch crowd.
This was an excellent breakfast and I'm glad I finally got to try this place.
I decided to stop into Bill's before it closes and have a look around for the memories.
I used to come here periodically to see Big Elvis, but when he moved to another Caesars' property, there's no reason to come here.
I noticed when I was there that they had the Slush Bar and they have Slush Pong in the evenings.
Big Elvis' space is now used at times for karaoke.
As always, even though it's an odd garage, it was easier to park at Bill's and walk through and over to the Flamingo than fight the construction of Project Linq in the back.
On the way back through Bill's, a gentleman was singing "If I Were a Rich Man" for his karaoke.
With that, I said a fond farewell with a smile to good old Bill's, a.k.a.
the Barbary Coast.
Adios!
Two of us did the flights on October 5, 2008, not too long after the attraction opened.
It was wonderful.
I have a great fear of heights.
I knew what to expect long before I went on the ride.
I have hiked twice to the top of Red Mountain, the site of the first, and steepest, flight.
I saw this thing as it was being built, and I had no idea what it was.
After finding out, I needed to take the plunge.
It was fantastic.
I enjoy every bit of it!
The staff was wonderful.
Except for a few moments of terror before I started, the height thing disappeared.
Two seconds down the first flight, I was hooked!
This is a class operation and tons of fun!!
I stop at the Starbucks a couple doors down from Showboy and I've seen it many times as I drive by,  I decided to give it a try to bring something home for dessert.
There are a whole lot of choices.
I looked in one case, then at the glass covered stands, and back in the case.
I opted to get two--carrot cake which they have named "The Wonderland" and a "Showboy" cupcake.
The carrot cake is topped with orange cream cheese frosting and the Showboy is a marble cake with a Nutella mousse topping.
The cupcakes are pricey--$3 per--but they are very good.
I stopped in the late afternoon and when I ate the cupcakes that evening, they were still moist and full of flavor.
Given the cost, this will be an occasional treat.
Service was quick and I was on my way.
Extra stair master time was needed the next morning.
I haven't been to an AYCE sushi place in a long time because I generally eat too much and the quality doesn't compare with some of the more upscale places.
That being said, I was glad to come to a birthday lunch at Jjanga with some friends.
And yes, I did overeat!
Sushi restaurants seem to try to outdo each other with names for rolls and for fillings as a hook for customers.
Dancing eel, Burning your ass, and Jackpot just to name three--all of which I fully ate or shared with others at the table.
The burning your ass is an example.
It has soft shell crab and spicy tuna but you couldn't taste the seafood because it had to live up to its name.
The tuna was spicy tuna but it was overwhelmed by the spiciness of the roll, the sriracha on top, and then slices of jalapeño on top of that.
But, that's what I wanted and it was good.
It was very hotly spiced rice.
The Jackpot roll and Mel's roll were good.
The crispy things they put on the rolls are interesting and add texture.
It was the first time I'd had them.
For the finale, I had both red bean and green tea ice cream.
It was a nice way to end this food orgy.
Service was first rate!
With a group of 14 people calling out orders to the server things sounded hectic.
She kept right up with us and things were served in a timely manner.
This is a fine place for a group dinner with privacy like this.
It was such good fun to enjoy ourselves in our own room.
I have been having problems with the fluorescent light in my laundry room.
I turned to Yelp to find a handyman and Integrity popped right up and I'm glad it did.
I called and we made arrangements for the next week as this was not an emergency repair.
Daniel came early, diagnosed the problem, told me three options--one of which would have cost him because I could fix it myself.
I opted to have him replace the light with a new LED one.
He told me what to ask for at the big box hardware place and I chose the light in my photo.
Daniel came back the next week--again early (when have you heard that about service people)--and installed the new light.
Now my laundry room is filled with wonderful light and it's a pleasure to have it there.
Daniel has OCD when it comes to his work.
It has to be done correctly and he has to check before leaving that it's done correctly.
I couldn't be more happy with his expert installation.
I appreciated his attention to every detail and making sure the job was done above and beyond what would be expected.
I entered his contact information on my phone and I know who I'll be calling if I have any other projects that are beyond my ability which is just about anything,
I went to the Secret Garden today to see the White Tiger Cubs that were brought to Las Vegas to be raised in this program.
The are Mohan and Majestic and they can be quite playful!
Here are links to my YouTube videos:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=075IVr3aI5g

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_CMTK8Xyqg

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DFKFo1pcEc

While waiting for them to be brought to their nursery, I walked around and saw the white lions.
white tigers, a black leopard, one spotted leopard, some Alpacas, and two snow leopards.
It's not a large area, but it's a pretty place to take your time, watch the animals, sit and chat for awhile, and just enjoy the wonderful desert air!
Entrance fee is $15 for adults, so be warned that it's not a cheap visit for this small area.
It won't take me 8 years before I come back here again as it did between my first visit and this one.
I think this experience is very good.
It's very well thought out, and the technology is quite good.
Since I was alone, I felt a little awkward with some of the actors.
But it was all good fun, and I went along with it.
I do wonder, as one reviewer stated, what it's like if this place is busy.
The heart of the show for me was the central information area with the mementos of the different gangsters.
Ben's letter to his wife written on a Western Airlines plane, the letter from Lansky to Menachem Begin and others were really interesting.
I loved watching the video of the making of the Godfather movie, but I'd like to view it at home where I'd be a bit more comfortable.
There was some fatigue setting in from all the reading and I was ready to leave.
I'm glad I got the year's pass for Nevada residents when they had the pre-sale in November.
I'll go back and skip the introduction stuff and go right to the artifacts area and read spend more time.
I agree with the others about the photos.
Why can't Cashman charge a lot less?
I might have purchased one or two, but at $20+ for the photos, that's robbery--but it's going on in the right exhibit place.
Reduce your price, email me the digital photo, and I'll buy!
After a short hike at the Clark County Wetlands Park, my friend and I had planned to go to Blueberry Hill for breakfast.
Thinking the closest one was near UNLV, I put this address on my GPS and it turned out top be much closer to where we were than going to near Maryland and Flamingo which was more convenient for both of us.
We were brought coffee quickly as we studied the menu.
My order was for a Texas chili omelette with hash browns and rye toast.
My friend ordered the chicken apple compote waffle.
We had some time to chat but it wasn't long before our breakfasts were brought.
My omelette was served open-faced with the egg on the cooked egg on the bottom and topped with chili, onions, and cheese.
There is a choice of sides and I got hash browns and rye toast.
My friend's waffle was in quarters--each topped with a small breaded, fried piece of chicken breast, and topped with apple compote.
I left much of the potatoes, a slice of toast, but my friend finished his waffle.
Portion sizes have always been large at Blueberry Hill.
We enjoyed a good breakfast.
Blueberry Hill is good diner food.
It's the first time I've been to one in about 5 years, and I'm glad this was the place chosen by my friend for our after hike breakfast get together.
I came to get some diet Arizona iced tea.
It's the only store that sells it.
It's not the normal 99 Cents Only Store I go to, but it was close to where I was so I stopped.
Check out was quite fast.
For some visits, it takes awhile, but they were on top of things!
We decided to try Lucille's tonight with take out.
I did an online order this morning for pick up at 4:30 PM.
I was ten minutes early and it was ready yet which is good because it wasn't made ahead of time and sitting somewhere.
The online ordering was a big plus!!
I got an original pulled pork sandwich with a side of mac and cheese.
My wife got the Cajun chicken sandwich with a side of garlic mashed.
One of the problems with what I got was simply the fact that it's take out.
I live nearby, but pulled pork isn't boiling hot when it's placed in the bun and therefore it wasn't a hot sandwich and in fact wasn't warm.
Luke warm would be closer to the temperature of the meat.
The mac and cheese stayed warm.
I thought the sandwich was dry even though the menu says it's tossed in their special sauce.
Maybe I should have asked for some BBQ sauce to go.
There was no toss that I could discern.
The mac and cheese was very good.
My wife liked her sandwich although she thought it was very spicy hot.
She liked the garlic mashed side.
I guess I'm just not a BBQ person.
Nothing about BBQ blows my socks off.
If I came back to Lucille's, it would be for a dinner of mac and cheese.
I'll take international cuisines or a good steak before I'd get this.
There's one other BBQ place I need to try before I put a nail in my BBQ coffin and lower it in the ground.
The price/value just isn't there.
But, Lucille's is OK--Just.
If this were closer to where I live, I'd be there much too often.
Pure Indian Cuisine combines two of my favorite things--good Indian food and a view of planes taking off and landing right across Sunset Road.
I came here with two friends yesterday for the lunch buffet.
The price as mentioned in reviews is $10.99 which includes naan.
After we were seated, we just chatted for awhile catching up on  news (OK, gossip) each one of us had to give.
A young woman from the restaurant came by and told us politely that we could go to the buffet anytime we wanted.
She held off ordering naan for us until she saw us go to the buffet.
One of the first things I chose was the papdi chaat.
This is the first Indian buffet that I remember serving any kind of chaat and it was very good!
I also tried the pakora mix, mutter paneer, and navaratan korma.
Everything was very good.
As we were starting, the server brought our garlic naan and it had a great garlic flavor.
For my second plate, I got some butter chicken and more standard Indian fare.
For dessert.
I got a small bowl of mango custard and one of of kheer.
Both were delightful.
Service was very good.
Our water was refilled several times.
I need to go back for dinner and try their regular evening menu.
Oh, yes, and I need to see some more planes.
The restaurant is right across from the Sunset Road parking area for McCarran so it's easy to find.
The show is a mixture of various magic acts and comedy with magic.
The before show activity on the stage was avant garde.
With a series of fans in a circle, the air is circulated such that two large pieces of silk like cloths float up and down on the currents.
Whoever thought this up was quite creative.
It is mesmerizing and difficult not to watch them as they float.
Tonight, the show consisted of four main acts interspersed with comedy and magic from the MC, Michael Finney.
Finney was a little lethargic at the beginning of the show and the audience didn't warm up to him.
He quickly introduced Ed Alonzo, a comic magician who is billed as "The Misfit of Magic."
Alonzo was quite funny and was a treat.
The brick part was indeed very funny!
Second came Juliana Chen.
She had a different beginning to her set, but it became tedious after awhile when she kept making more and more playing cards appear.
I was sitting in the front row on the side and I figured out how she was doing her trick.
It did grow old quickly.
Third segment was the shadow figures by Sonny Fontana made with his hands and with the help of an assistant.
Some are very clever when he imitates famous people.
At the start, however, the animal he was making was shown on a video display.
If you have to show us what you're making, you're not confident of how well we'll know what you're making.
The last segment was magician Kevin James who was on Season 2 of America's Got Talent.
I saw AGT probably three times in the years it's been on and I saw one of the nights when he performed.
This is a very entertaining and funny segment of the show.
James is very good.
Given my seating, I did see something that helped explain one part to me.
In between the acts, Finney did some magic and card tricks with audience members.
He was OK but there was nothing that was new here.
I simply was to give the crew time to ready the stage for the next segment.
Summary:  The show is new and it needs to pick up the pace a bit.
Chen needs to vary her routine more.
The stars are Alonzo and James.
The show started with a bang and ended the same way.
It is misnamed because there's no cutting edge, avant garde routines with the show, but it's worth seeing.
Get discounted tickets at Tix4Tonite or something like that.
I stopped by this Einstein Brothers this morning to get  1/2 dozen bagels.
I so wanted salt bagels, but they had none, even at 7:30 AM.
In the end, I got two everything, 2 - three cheese, and two pretzel bagels - like a salt bagel, but made with a darker wheat so it looks like a soft pretzel.
My biggest surprise was the price.
For 6, the tab was just over $7.
There was an additional charge for the pretzel bagels and for the three cheese.
I had one of the pretzel bagels when I got home.
It was good, but I think I'll just get a couple of bagels at Albertson's and go to Einstein when I want something more exotic.
They used to give a shmear tub with  1/2, but evidently that ended.
I was at the Palms yesterday and decided to have lunch in the food court.
I haven't eaten at an Earl of Sandwich before so this was mt chance to try something new.
I ordered an Earl's Club made with turkey, bacon, swiss cheese, with lettuce, tomato and their sandwich sauce.
I got a bag of chips and a medium drink.
After ordering, you're given a buzzer and you can stand around or have a seat in the food court.
When the buzzer goes off, you walk to the pick up area and get your sandwich.
While the club was good, this is not a stop for which I'd drive to.
There are many other choices close to home that are as good or better than the Earl.
It was A-OK.
I stopped in for the first time today to get some Bon Bread that I didn't get Wednesday at the nearby Farmer's Market.
Bon was in the Land Rover store along with several other vendors including a dried fruit company, Gilcrease Orchards with produce, two other local growers, and others.
There are also some Land Rovers to look at that have been backed to the far end of the store.
They also had a $20,000 BMW motorcycle is was going to dicker about, but I decided I didn't need it.
:-)

The stands along the street had some nice things but nothing in which I was interested.
Leone Cafe was really hopping with business and it was a pleasant morning to be walking about.
I'll be back - earlier in the day.
This will really be grand when temperatures come down a bit.
I met a Yelp friend for the first time from out of town and we had an early lunch.
She had already been seated and there was still some seating as it was early.
I ordered the Mongolian beef pancakes to share and I got the Lan Zhou beef noodle soup (B1) while my friend got the house-made Zha Jiang noodle (C3).
We each stayed with water for our beverage.
The wait for lunch was short as the noodle dishes were brought quickly and a little later, the Mongolian pancakes arrived.
From reviews, I expected my soup would be spicier than it was.
It was very good and I could have added some extra seasoning to liven it up, but I was content to eat it the way it was served for my first time here.
My friend enjoyed her noodle dish.
Then it was on to the Mongolian pancakes.
They are fantastic!
A thin pancake wrapper around some very moist ground beef with pieces of onion and great flavors.
They are reason to go if for nothing else.
Service was excellent and prices are good.
This is a small place so there might be a wait.
I wish it were closer to home because I'd get take out to enjoy these great noodle dishes.
A definite return to place.
I wonder what Don Arden and Fluff LeCoque would think of the new, relaunched Jubilee!
After being closed for several weeks, it had its official relaunch at the end of March.
I saw the show last night, my 7th time seeing the show, and I am aghast at what has been done.
I never thought I would go to see Jubilee!
and I have a man acting as a master of ceremonies for this section of the show ask, "How you doin', Vegas?
I said, How you doin' Vegas?
Get out of your seats and clap with me."
At this point, most of us stood and clapped while some singers did a number and then we all sat back down.
The show now is a mishmash.
It doesn't know what it wants to be.
It starts out somewhat like the old Jubilee!
with pretty showgirls parading in wonderful showgirl costumes.
After this, the train starts to jump the track.
We have music that tries to appeal to Boomers and near Millennials.
Along the way, the curtain comes down and a showgirl is "lost" outside the curtain from her friends.
Thus begins Jubilee's attempt to return to the friends.
(Yep, the lost character is called Jubilee).
We see her later stage right as some sing about the lost Jubilee but then it ends.
We don't see her anymore as a lost person.
During part of her journey, she's guided by dancers carrying light sticks.
I think I had to push by jaw back in place when I saw that!
The classic Samson and Delilah and Titanic numbers remain in the show with some costume modifications and some scenery changes but they are about the same as they have been.
One of the new parts that really was appealing was a tap dance number with just the showgirls' legs showing from the knees down.
It was quite well done and lasted all of about 30 seconds.
The lighting has been changed so it often shines at the audience.
The show used to have two or three short segments between the big numbers where contract acts did specialty things.
The last time I was here, there was a person who did some work with silks.
This bit of diversion gave the dancers time to change and the tech crew time to get the scenery changes in place.
These specialty segments are now gone.
There are some good projections but seriously do you have to make it seem like  Caesars Entertainment is the only thing on the Strip.
I know Bally's is a CET property but come on, showing The Cromwell, the High Roller, Caesars Palace et.
al.
in some of the projection is amazing!
We know where we are.
We're on the Las Vegas Strip seeing what was a classic Las Vegas topless showgirl review that has been relaunched.
Keeping the Titanic in the show is quite correct.
The Jubilee!
ship is sinking.
Time to play Nearer My God To Thee for Jubilee!
Edit: I have to add that the final scene is as marvelous as ever.
A grand staircase with lovely showgirls coming down in their heels and wonderful costumes.
The ending is classic!
It saddens me to see what they've done to this show.
Judging by attendance last night, it's not working and that's a shame!
I went to the Family Music Center last night to see the musical "Oliver" in their performance section at the back of the store.
While waiting for the house to open, I browsed the instruments throughout the store and had great fun.
In the front of the store, there was a square grand piano.
I later learned from one of the sales staff that this type of piano was not made after the late 1800s so this was a museum piece.
The story of why they were made square was quite interesting.
There's another room in the building that has a large number of pianos.
Another had violins while yet another had guitars.
I had some fun plucking the strings on a banjo to see what sounds I could make.
I know why I never became an entertainer!
This store has a lot of music related items.
In the back, get your guitar picks, your guitar strings, and any sheet music you need.
The performance area is a 100 seat venue.
It's quite nice with comfortable chairs.
Sight lines from anywhere are great.
There are many shows going on here.
I've walked by Lupo so many times coming from the garage to Mandalay Bay to meet friends or to see a show at the Events Center.
Going to see the new show, For the Record: Baz which is playing across the hall from Lupo, I had the perfect opportunity to finally stop here for dinner.
I was seated promptly.
I was given a choice of inside the main part or their indoor patio style seating.
I chose inside the restaurant to avoid the noise of the people going to/from the parking garage.
Shortly after being seated, I was brought menus and my server, Miguel, took my iced tea order and it was quickly brought to the table.
After asking a few questions about serving sizes, I ordered the heirloom tomato soup with basil to start, listed as one of the daily specials, and the lasagna verde "della nonna" with spinach pasta, meat sauce and béchamel.
For a side, I got an order of lemon cauliflower.
Bread service was brought with two dipping sauces.
The serving assistant asked me about freshly grated cheese and/or pepper, and I got both.
The tomato soup was outstanding.
It was rich and full of flavor.
I highly recommend this if it's on the menu.
The main course of lasagna verde was good.
The serving size was more than ample and the meat sauce was very good.
The spinach pasta gave the lasagna a slightly different taste that enhanced the dish.
The side of lemon cauliflower was very good.
Lightly browned cauliflower with more than a hint of lemon topped with some grated cheese, made for a great side dish.
This was the only thing I didn't finish in order to save room for dessert.
After looking at the items on the menu, I got the mascarpone tart which was accompanied by fresh strawberries and an oval of sorbet.
This was a refreshing end to a good meal.
I was very pleased with the service and the one SA who brought most of my meal and a new iced tea was a very pleasant young woman with a great smile.
I'm glad I tried Lupo after all these years.
My dinner yesterday at Garduños was off because someone was asleep or just didn't care about doing things correctly.
I ordered the Chile verde con machaca--the beef version of their chile.
The server brought me Chile verde which is their chile with chicken.
I was OK with that because I always order the machaca so this was good for a change.
In addition to that mixup, the dish came without charro beans and without the chopped onion and cilantro that they always serve with the chile.
I'm not sure if they were in a hurry or if the quality of staff is suffering.
The server could have made an error with my order, but the server didn't make the error with the plating.
Come on Garduños, get with it or you'll be off my radar.
I had a very different omakase experience at Kame for one reason--I was the only person at Kame that night.
When making my reservation, I never thought of the date being Easter Monday after spring break and when people might not be going out because of the vacation period and the Easter eating.
Nevertheless, Chef Eric gave me a wonderful lesson in making sushi, where the different parts of the meal were sourced, and proceeded to put on a great show with the artistry he used in creating the different sashimi, nigiri sushi items, and some other dishes.
Chef Eric first made some wasabi and then showed me the two different soy sauces that were served.
The Japanese soy was so much better.
Then a series of pieces of sashimi were prepared.
The bluefin tuna from Spain was almost like eating a piece of steak.
Excellent!
In between, he made some sea bream sashimi.
After I was finished with the sashimi, he had the fish taken to the kitchen for deep frying and then brought back to eat the tail and bones up to the head.
It was very good and the soy based sauce served with it was tasty for dipping the pieces as I broke them off.
The same thing would happen later when I had some needle fish sashimi and the bones were again deep fried.
being a smaller fish, the fried bones were more tender.
After this, there was a series of pieces of nigiri sushi put on my wooden plate.
He put a small piece of wasabi under the fish and brushed soy on the sushi.
I can't remember all the things but they just kept coming.
Because I was there by myself, I didn't get the live lobster.
That's a dish meant for two or more people and would be too much with everything else I ate.
Two and a half hours later, I had learned a lot about sushi and I had enjoyed the finest sushi I've ever eaten.
Service was exemplary.
My iced tea was always refilled before it got to just under half full.
I think some of the micro flowers and greens aren't necessary but they are important to Chef Eric as he is very much an artist with his food and the enjoyment of the food comes from its appearance as well as the taste.
I need to go back with some friends so I can share and try more things.
This is a great experience!!!
I decided to play tourist and go to the Strip to check out the newly opened Linq entertainment district between the Flamingo and the Quad.
I really like what they've done with this former street by turing it into a pedestrian space with shops, restaurants, and at the end, the High Roller, what will be--for awhile anyway--the tallest wheel of its type in the world.
There are lots of spaces to be rented yet and there are several that will be opening soon.
When completed, the Linq will offer a full compliment of entertainment whether shopping, eating/drinking, or riding a thrill ride.
We stopped here last night in between two places we needed to be.
I knew from reading the reviews on Yelp that it was a small place and it is!
There are 5 tables that hold a total of 14 people.
I guess that's why it's named well and they had a number of take out visits while we were there.
I checked the daily specials board and saw pumpkin curry.
I ordered it with chicken, spice level 7 on a 1 to 10 scale.
My wife got her standard pepper and garlic chicken which does not have a spice level.
We also got an order of vegetarian egg rolls.
Everything was very good.
The egg rolls were very good and were delivered very hot to our table.
The pumpkin curry was something very different for me and I'd certainly get it again.
I tasted my wife's chicken and it, too, was good and she liked it.
Unlike what she's used to at other Thai restaurants, Thai For To Go deep fries the chicken briefly--no coating--just enough to give a bit of crispness and cooking to the chicken.
A couple of small things.
Being so small, the tables are small.
We would have been better off sitting at one of the two tables for four people because there almost wasn't enough room for the dishes on the table.
Also, we had our egg rolls for about 2 minutes when she came out with our main dishes.
Perhaps I need to ask people to wait, but I really like some time to enjoy the appetizer before having to start the main course.
Again, due to its size, there's no customer bathroom available without going through the kitchen.
We didn't use the bathroom but we noticed one of the customers going into the kitchen to get there.
It's a good value for the good food.
I hope to get back.
If it were on the west side of town I'd be there more often but it's almost to Boulder Highway.
I didn't know what to expect of the show before hand because I don't know Shania Twain's music.
I am not a fan of country but I had been told that the show was a wonderful production even if the music wasn't especially my type.
I sat in the first row of the rear orchestra near the sound booth, so I had a great seat.
The show started 8 minutes late--about standard for non-Cirque du Soleil shows so that was nothing to be upset about.
The first few numbers lulled me into thinking it was going to be a good show.
The Colosseum's LED screen was used well.
The songs also tended to sound more rock than country.
This was part I of the show.
Part II is where the show started going downhill for me.
Twain is very good getting out among the audience, pressing the flesh, getting hugs, and participating in selfies.
Yes, Virginia, they do allow cameras if she's there and you pull yours out for a shot with her.
She waded into the audience twice, and I suppose if you're a fan, this would be the sine qua non for the super Twainer.
In between the two forays into the audience, she did a campfire number on the stage with audience members--some pre-selected--but all from the special Twain lovers seating area in the first few rows.
She talked briefly with each of the audience members and then had them sit behind this faux campfire which had been burning during her talk with the folks on stage.
She sang two songs and asked the audience to join in with the second song.
This whole campfire bit was a big fail for me.
We then moved to the last part.
As she was changing, a forest appeared on the LED screen with a black horse.
A fire was burning in the forest and it seemed like the horse would be trapped, but he managed to make it out.
The fire is now out and it begins to snow and the horse changes from black to white.
Then Miss Twain rides out on a white horse.
It looked like the horse was standing on a padded area and had padded hoof coverings and she removed his sparkly lead.
She then sang her iconic, "You're Still the One."
Score for me--I know this song.
However, the horse loves this song too, and he soon showed very visibly how much he cared for Miss Twain.
The people in my area were snickering through much of the song and continued as she led the horse off stage at the end of the song.
The band came out and it almost sounded like they were going to end the show with a rousing rock number.
Nope!
She came back out and the show ended with two country numbers.
A couple of things that struck me about the show.
I love animals and while hiking today, I saw four wild horses in Red Rock Canyon.
The last thing an animal lover would think of would be having a horse in a fire.
I thought it was an awful premise and I wondered who thought it up.
I also wondered if Elton John left a Candle in the Wind on the stage and it set Miss Twain's forest on fire.
Second, one confetti drop is enough.
This show has three although one is supposed to be part of the snowstorm that changes the black horse white.
Third, the folksy bit wore thin quickly with me.
She may be a very folksy person but it seemed contrived.
Last, her voice is good, but not that good.
There were quite a few seats in the first and second mezzanines empty last night.
Is the market voting on her show?
This wouldn't be a show I'd see again unlike the other performers at the Colosseum.
This is a review for a private event in the Claddagh Room at Hennessey's.
About 25 of us got together last night for an internet meet.
It's a group of people who post on an internet discussion board about Las Vegas.
I have known some of these people for over 10 years.
When the leader of the discussion board was trying to find a place that would accommodate that large a group of people, she gave Hennessey's a call and they offered us the Claddagh Room for three hours at no charge and they supplied a bartender for our group.
I've been to Hennessey's for two shows in the past few years and they were in the Claddagh Room.
It's a pleasant place with wood tables and chairs.
We were able to mingle or sit and talk.
I got a diet Coke that came in a small Mason jar with a handle.
The drink was $3.50 but there were unlimited refills.
The bartender was a very outgoing young lady and she was a pleasure!
Hennessey's Claddagh Room was the perfect place for our meet.
I went to a show at the Mirage last night and decided to have dinner there.
I made a reservation for Fin.
The room is a very beautiful one with a decor that gives different area a modicum of privacy.
I got the prix fixe menu.
You automatically get egg drop soup but then you have choices.
For my appetizer, I ordered pot stickers, my main course selection was Kung Pao chicken, for rice I got the vegetable fried rice, and for dessert I got the mango pudding.
The egg drop soup was good but it needed some salt--at least for me.
There are no salt or pepper shakers on the table and I was OK eating it as it was.
It was a good soup with some small pieces of small broccoli florets.
That was great for texture.
The pot stickers were very good and the sauce served with them was a winner.
The Kung Pao chicken was good.
A good amount of chicken, quite a few peanuts, and a few red peppers but not enough to give the dish much zing.
It's not supposed to have zing so it was made properly.
Portion size was good but not I need a take out box size.
The fried rice was a whole bowl of individual grains of rice, fluffy and tasty.
Finally, the mango pudding for dessert was great!
It stole the show.
The pudding had fresh chunks of mango on it.
What a good way to end the meal.
Service was very good throughout the evening.
I never had less than a half glass of iced tea when a server was there to refill it.
The pace of the meal was good.
The only thing about service that I would fault was the lack of removing empty Sweet 'n Low packets from the table.
Cleaning paper like that off a table when you come to add more iced tea or clear dishes should be a no brainer.
I was surprised that a restaurant like this would have that down pat, but they don't

I rate Fin 3 stars.
It was A-OK.
I know I could have gone west on Spring Mountain Road a little more than a mile and I could have had the same meal for at least half what I paid.
The ambience wouldn't be the same.
This was one of those special times when eating in the hotel was the option I chose.
Another time, I'd eat in Chinatown.
One of the great things about living in Las Vegas is just dropping in at the Bellagio Conservatory to see the plantings and display.
It doesn't matter if I've seen this one already.
It's always worth a stop, especially in the morning when some of the tourists are still fighting their hangovers and don't want to leave their rooms.
This year, the summer show was scrapped from the lineup.
Instead, the spring show morphed into the summer display with a change out of the type of flowers in the display.
It's still quite lovely.
It's quite interesting to time a visit when they are doing the changeover from one season to the next.
You see the "shell" of the Conservatory and how they place the displays so they make up the finished product.
After the Conservatory, it's always time for some gelato either from Jean Philippe or Cafe Gelato.
Enjoy this while you people watch.
Tourists can be so interesting and funny!
After hiking at Mount Charleston, four of us stopped here to try their lunch buffet.
One of our group has been here before and recommended it.
It was a good recommendation!
The buffet is small but is in the size range of others.
At $11.99, it's price is OK.  Not the cheapest, not the most expensive.
The restaurant is attractive with comfortable seating.
There is a separate section through which you enter where the bar is located.
The buffet is in an adjoining area out of view from the dining room.
There was a selection of salad, yogurt, chutney, and desserts at the beginning of the buffet.
After the initial bar, there were several chafing dishes with various foods.
I tried the chicken tikka masala, a curry chicken, dal makhani, onion pakora, and some fried chicken balls--the name of which I can't remember.
Accompanying this was basmati rice.
For the most part, the dishes were good and flavorful.
The dal was bland.
It could have used some seasoning.
The chicken balls were tasty and different.
I should have gotten some chutney for that and the onion pakora but I failed to do so.
Next time.
One of our group noted that the chicken tandoori was dry.
I didn't try this but noted this for future reference.
I made a second trip to the buffet to get something sweet to offset my disposition.
I got one gulab jamun and it was very good.
It was quite soft, and it was not overly sweet.
A very nice ending to lunch.
Service was average.
We were there when the restaurant opened and it soon got busy but there were a couple of people working the small room.
When I went to get my gulab, my dirty plate was not removed.
Other than this, things went OK.
If I'm in the area, I'd certainly stop again.
It is in the middle tier of Indian buffets I've tried.
Since it's the closest place to where I live, I'll be back.
I wouldn't recommend coming from the other side of town for the buffet when there are other places just as good or better in the UNLV area.
I've eaten here several times and the food is generally good.
Last night, I had the Grilled Chicken Salad with Blue Cheese dressing.
The salad was fresh, tasty, and a good sized portion.
Drink service was handled quickly.
There have been times when slow service has been an issue.
Last night was OK.  With the restaurant about 1/2 full, one of the other servers was watching other tables.
He came over and asked what I was drinking and brought me another iced tea.
Later, he brought some rolls.
Although he was not our server, it was great of him to keep an eye out for us.
Prices are moderate.
I enjoy Marilyn's.
I came here for a surgical procedure on Monday of this week.
I was impressed by the friendliness of the staff and the ease of checking in.
Wait time was minimal.
In the pre-op room, the nurse was very nice and helpful and before long she wheeled me to the room for the procedure.
I was in and out of there in about 2 and a half hours which was quite good.
Windows is a showroom created from a former meeting room on the second floor of Bally's past the Poker Room.
There are escalators and elevators to the second floor.
I went to see a new production - "Divorce Party: Las Vegas" and this showroom is perfect for that kind of smaller production.
There were a couple hundred people there last night, and there were still some seats left.
Seating is divided into two "classes."
The non-VIP people sit in seats that form a somewhat U shape with all seats facing the stage.
Right along the edge of the stage, there is a row of round tables with the four seat setup which is common to many Las Vegas showrooms.
The staff at the showroom were quite quick at seating everyone who had been waiting in a long line in the hallway prior to the room's opening.
The cocktail waitress was around often so anyone wanting a drink could easily order from her or go to the bar themselves.
I won't review the new show.
I put the photo of the set for the show here so you'd have an idea of what the showroom is like.
I am a fan but I don't shop here that often.
I stopped in yesterday to get something already prepared for our dinner, but their selection was almost all vegetables with only turkey breast being animal protein.
I ended up getting something from the meat counter and grilling at home.
So much for a time saver.
I do enjoy their salad bar, and I have bought cheese from their excellent suggestion.
I glanced at the seafood section and I did not see any poke again.
I guess it just didn't sell enough.
I like the store and I'll return but only for those special purchases that I can't get elsewhere.
Cue "Moon River" in my mind.
Now just say it, "OK, I had breakfast at Tiffany's."
There was no Hepburn anywhere near the place but I couldn't help being reminded of the movie.
I stopped here for breakfast yesterday and I was glad I did.
I had been going to eat at the Huntridge, but the food operation there is permanently closed I was told.
So, off to Tiffany's for me.
I had the Spanish Omelette.
A nice omelette with jalapeño slices, green pepper, cubed tomato with cheese on top.
Accompanying that  was a generous portion of home fries and rye toast.
I added some Tabasco my server brought before bringing my breakfast, and I had a spicy and flavorful omelette.
While sitting there sipping my coffee, I noticed a sign on the wall from 2005 noting the place would be closed for a couple of weeks for the shooting of a movie.
The sign had Robert Duvall's autograph.
I asked the server what the movie was and she told me it was "Lucky You."
I Googled and saw it was a movie with a poker playing plot that had been shot on location in Las Vegas.
Well I knew that having breakfast at Tiffany's was not going to be the movie thing, but it turned out to be a different movie.
I'm glad I stopped in.
It's good to support a local business!
Edit:  For those who want to go here.
the entrance directly to the lunch counter area is at the northeast corner of the property where Oakey and Las Vegas Boulevard intersect.
You can see Luv It Custard as you sit at the counter.
Maybe a 2fer?
I like the concept of KGB and it's riff on the Soviet era.
Being at KGB, however, is not like being at the Lubyanka in Moscow.
There are Soviet era knock off posters of the proletariat.
Most of the female servers had short, leather shorts that evoked a police state couture.
I had a Groupon that was about to expire so I messaged a good Yelp buddy and asked if he wanted to join me here before our Yelp event last night and use the Groupon.
He has been there before but this was my first visit.
I ordered their southwest burger which the menu describes like this:   avocado, cilantro, lime-marinated peppers and onions, pico de gallo, pepper jack cheese, avocado crème fraîche, jalapeño-Cheddar bun.
I ordered it rare.
The burger comes with fries.
The burger was cooked perfectly and it was very juicy but none of the avocado was there.
Pico, yes, and cheese, but there was no taste of avocado.
Service was good during our visit.
Since the place was almost empty, it should have been.
The price was in line with Strip prices.
At first I thought the burger was over-priced but when you factor in the fries served with each sandwich, it is comparable to other burger joints on the Strip.
I went to see the round semi-private dining area on the side of the kitchen where they have the hammer and sickle light.
I got a photo of it and I could almost see Felix Dzerzhinsky having dinner there.
KGB is A-OK!
I volunteer at the Visitor Center for Friends of Red Rock Canyon from time to time.
It's an interesting place and it's a lot of fun to meet people visiting from many different places.
The VC is so much nicer and larger after the remake that opened a few years ago.
There's also a nice area outside with exhibits and the tortoise habitat.
Make your visit to Red Rock Canyon better and get some expret advice from volunteers like me.
I went two places yesterday to enjoy being away from the city in a different way than hiking.
My first stop was here at the Henderson Bird Viewing Preserve.
I have friends from New Jersey who have been here twice on vacations to Las Vegas and they always said what a great place it was and they were right.
You enter the preserve through an office where you fill out a short form for contact information and save harmless for the City of Henderson.
This is good for two years.
You sign the guest book and then enter the preserve going out the back door.
There are volunteers working here who make sure you have a map and a bird pamphlet so you can mark off the birds you see if you want.
From the back door, you're on your own to explore and enjoy!
There's a dirt track that goes basically two miles around the exterior perimeter.
You can see many of the pools this way.
There is also a dry pond in one spot where burrowing owls have been spotted.
There are two places where the preserve has observation points.
One is a boardwalk that goes out into one of the ponds where you can get closer to view some of the birds.
There are benches at the end of this walk and there are benches in many places throughout the preserve to just relax and enjoy the solitude and sounds of the birds.
There are a couple of blinds with holes at different levels for different height people to stand behind to observe the birds.
You can also get some good photos without scaring the birds.
Finally, there's a raised platform--you walk up a set of steps--that looks out over two of the ponds.
It's a great place to stop and watch what flies by.
I will be back.
This is one of those places where going just once is not enough!!
Yesterday when laundry was being done, the washing machine was giving me fits.
It didn't want to do anything but agitate the clothes--no draining, no rinsing, no spinning.
After checking online for some possible fixes, I found a way around the problem that worked for the first load.
It didn't work for the second load.
Since the washer was recently repaired, I decided to replace it rather than keep pouring money down a bottomless pit.
After a full morning including a reasonable wait at the DMV, I stopped and finally got my Starbucks.
(sigh of relief!)
As I entered RC Willey's, a woman asked me if she could help me.
I'm sure I had that male, deer in the headlights at a furniture/appliance store look.
I asked her if the coffee was OK and she answered, "Certainly!"
OK, three stars right there!
She directed me to the appliance area and within a few minutes, I bought a new washer and dryer, very similar to what we now have but 12 years newer and with a 5 year warranty.
They will be delivered Saturday.
The salesman, Jamie, was a pleasant enough fellow and I was on my way in no time at all.
This was a better than expected experience!
Mr. Buffet, you owe me another coffee just for putting some money Berkshire Hathaway's direction.
I won't hold my breath waiting for it!
Three of us met for lunch at Brian Malarkey's new restaurant Herringbone in the Aria Hotel on the second floor across from the escalators/stairs from the casino.
Geno Bernardo is the executive chef of this newly opened restaurant.
We were seated at one of their lounge style chairs and table.
The patio was not yet opened because of the cold weather.
Having lunch that lasted about 3 hours, it got a little tiresome for me leaning forward and reaching down to get food from the coffee table.
I can see for a dinner or some drinks and a little food, this would be fine.
Chef Bernardo brought out/sent out several seafood dishes to start the lunch.
After an auspicious start with crostini topped with uni, sea salt, and lardo, we were brought three kinds of oysters and then an oyster shooter.
I was impressed by the chef's relating how quickly the oysters were gotten to the restaurant.
The Naked Cowboy shooter with crab and caviar was especially good with the salt of the caviar adding to the flavor of the oyster.
After this, several seafood dishes were brought from hamachi crudo to escolar sashimi to big eye tuna, and tuna belly.
This was some of the freshest seafood I've had in Las Vegas.
The dishes were very creative too.
A standout here was the Poke with macadamia nuts, crispy onions, togarashi, fresh ginger, fresh garlic, and Shoju with green onion pancakes.
What a great combination of flavors.
There were other dishes each worthy of mention but I will lack space to name them all.
We then moved to the hot dishes with Thai chicken wings, onion soup, bacon and eggs ravioli, branzino, Grandma's meatballs with pork neck ragu, sea bass tails and belly, and a vegetable medley of carrots, French beans, and broccoli rabe.
I am known for not eating wings.
These are so good and done so well, they're a delight and I'd go back solely for them.
The onion soup with its pretzel crouton and gruyere cheese ravioli was also a big winner.
I also have to mention the sea bass tails and belly.
Excellent!
Moving on to desserts, we were served Adult Root Beer floats made with Not Your Father's Root Beer (5.9% alcohol) with vanilla bean and cinnamon ice cream.
My float was made with Coke and there were gingersnaps served with the floats.
Along with this we had turtle cheesecake, carrot cake with pineapple sorbet, and salted caramel panna cotta.
A double espresso over ice was an additional enjoyment to the sweets!
Service was excellent!
My iced tea glass was constantly replaced with a fresh one and water was added to glasses often.
Some of the items we had are not on the menu but may be when it's finalized--we were trying them out.
Herringbone really adds to the restaurants at Aria.
I was here during their soft opening for the lunch buffet about a month ago.
I came back tonight for dinner.
The food was very pleasing.
The service was off which resulted in me removing a star from my earlier review.
The food was excellent!
The Andhra curry with chicken was beautifully spiced.
I got it at a spice level of 7 on a 1-10 scale.
I could have done eight or nine.
There was some kick but I like it spicier, not inferno, but reasonably spicy for normal people.
The samosas were good with good ground lamb and the basmati rice was well prepared.
The garlic naan rounded out a nice meal along with the gulab jamun for dessert.
Now to the service.
When I arrived, there were two tables besides me occupied.
There were perhaps four people covering the floor.
One man took by order for the samosas while I looked at the menu trying to decide on the main course.
He also asked for my drink order.
I asked for iced tea and he responded with sweet or unsweetened.
Unsweetened it was and he brought me a small dish with some regular sugar and several artificial sweetener packs.
Shortly into eating the samosas, when my tea wasn't even down a third, a server asked if I wanted a tea refill.
I responded with a not right now.
I finished the samosas, the curry, and my gulab jamun before someone picked up the empty glass--it had been for much of my meal by then--and brought it back full.
I added a packet of sweetener and then tasted this awful flavor because they had brought the sweetened tea which now had artificial sweetener also in it.
It tasted like raspberry tea but I only took a swallow or two and then left the rest.
There was a woman going around with a tablet taking orders from tables which are then instantly sent to the kitchen.
She seemed to be the key employee tonight.
When I was brought my bill, I saw that there was a large error.
The gulab jamun was charged at $80.
(I did not post the photo of that bill but I have it).
The person who brought the check went after the tablet carrier who then was occupied with a party of 4 at the "self serve" by the ounce wine and beer area.
I can see why it can't be completely self serve.
I have friends who would drink them dry unless monitored.
This, however, held up the redoing of the bill.
The service seemed like there was no coordination nor clear cut responsibilities.
No dirty dishes were removed from the table except for the samosa one.
All my dishes from the main course were on the table when the gulab jamun was brought.
I lifted my dinner plate to make room and placed it to the left and away from the eating area.
The person who brought the gulab then picked up that plate and took it but nothing else was ever cleared from the table while I was there.
It's been a month so they have had time to train the staff and the staff has had time to do their jobs.
This won't keep me from coming back because the food is so good but service people, you need to get your acts together.
A former colleague from New York was in town for one day with a group of Rotary exchange students and we planned to meet for lunch or dinner.
As it turned out, dinner was the better option so I started checking on Yelp for places in Henderson where the group was spending the night.
Il Chianti jumped out for its good reviews and I bookmarked the restaurant and I'm so glad I did.
I met my friend where the group was staying on Boulder Highway and Il Chianti was a mere mile and a half away.
Il Chianti is in a non-descript small strip mall that I've driven by many times on the freeway but never on the Horizon Ridge side.
We arrived close to eight and were seated promptly.
While looking at the menu, the chef/owner came by to welcome us to this small restaurant that was dimly lit.
We were told two specials and then we both ordered the lobster ravioli with blackened shrimp, asparagus, in a tomato vodka sauce.
The shrimp were very good.
Some of the lobster flavor was overwhelmed by the sauce but the ravioli were good.
My friend isn't a fan of asparagus and there was no problem substituting a different vegetable for her.
For dessert, we shared an order of cannoli.
I asked our server if they were pre-filled or filled to order and she said they were filled to order.
They were very good.
Service was very good, the staff was very nice, and it turned out to be a good choice for dinner.
Yelp comes through yet again.
I stopped here to fill up before taking friends hiking at Mount Charleston.
It's not the cheapest, but it was an easy off and back on Flamingo on the way to Las Vegas Boulevard.
It was early in the morning--about 6:30--and there was only one car there.
I got my gas and was on my way in no time.
That's what I wanted and this 7 Eleven filled the bill.
Spotted Leaf Park is one of the two large ones in the Willows village of Summerlin.
There are two lighted tennis courts, a play area for children, and two lighted soccer fields.
A sidewalk runs along the perimeter of the park.
There are also basketball courts and a picnic table area.
I haven't spent time in the park to speak of.
What I do is ride my bike through the park as I got on my ride.
It's a nice diversion and a pleasant area.
The park is not a dual use one so it's level without the depression common to parks that double as flash flood catch basins.
The park's west wall abuts against the sound wall of the 215.
I don't do much shopping here, but I have been to the V Variety Theatre and the Saxe Theatre several times.
The only store I regularly go to is Sur La Table.
I could just look at all the cooking things there for hours.
I also enjoy going there to people watch.
It's interesting to observe the tourist in its natural habitat here in Las Vegas.
They wear shorts even when it's 60 outside.
They go without coats in the middle of winter.
The Miracle Mile Shops provides me with a great space to do this people watching - right under the glittery mask.
I also go to the Coffee Bean and use their free wifi.
There's much to praise the Miracle Mile Shops for.
It is a neat place!
After spending an hour at Louis Vuitton at Crystals, I came here for dinner.
The place was not busy at 6:30 on a Thursday night.
I was seated quickly and looked over the menu.
My server, Kayla, brought me iced tea quickly and then I ordered.
I got the El Caliente burger.
The menu describes it this way:  Beef Patty Topped w/ Pepper Jack Cheese, Pickled Jalapeno, Avocado, Pork Chicharrones & Tequila-Cilantro Mayo.
I asked for the burger to be cooked rare and it came out just that way.
Score.
There's a lot going on with the burger.
While there is some spiciness from the jalapeño, que no es real caliente.
This is something that anyone can eat unless they have no tolerance at all for anything that has the slightest spiciness.
The chicharrones with the cheese and soft meat was a nice combination of textures.
The burger was very juicy and I had to use my napkin several times to keep from getting juices from fingers to clothes.
The fries were good.
They didn't need salt which was good because there were no salt nor pepper shakers in sight.
I passed on dessert because it was more of a share kind of thing and I didn't want four brownies, two dips of ice cream and all the other accouterments that went with the dessert I was thinking of ordering.
Service was good.
I felt sorry for Kayla because access to the table I was at was partially blocked by a stroller from the family at the next table./  Their kids were very good and it was the birthday of one of them and the staff brought him a milkshake with a candle.
A note to the parents--leave the damn Webster's Elementary Dictionary in the room.
You don't have to look up words and discuss with your kids at dinner.
A pleasant meal.
I can only speak as a visitor.
A friend was in critical condition when he was transported there.
After much surgery and many days of critical care, he was brought out of his induced coma.
He is now in a rehab facility not associated with Summerlin Hospital.
The hospital staff appeared friendly, concerned, and competent.
Except for the in and out part with the median on Las Vegas Boulevard, this is an OK Walgreens.
I was in the area today and needed to get a birthday card for a relative.
This was a quick stop involving one U-turn, but it was OK.
The store was very clean and well lit.
They have a whole bunch of souvenirs for the city so this would be a good stop for those who are in this part of town and want to get some inexpensive t-shirts or shot glasses.
Two of us came here for dinner last evening.
A front patio table had been reserved for us.
Our server was Carlos and we was absolutely top notch--the best!
The two of us shared all of then plates.
We started with the chicken liver and capers toasted bread.
Very good.
Next, we had the risotto with tripe and mushrooms.
This was better than the last time I had the dish when I was here for a Yelp event.
There was more spiciness to the dish.
Next we had the octopus with black squid ink cous cous.
Cooked perfectly and very tasty.
This was followed by our favorite of the night, the quail saltimbocca--boneless quail wrapped with prosciutto.
It was excellent.
Four nice sized pieces of quail with the prosciutto.
A perfect dish for sharing.
Then we had the branzino that was on top of capers, olive slices, and tomatoes.
The last tapas dish we shared was the 7 and 7, potato gnocchi with lobster knuckles.
The gnocchi and the lobster were very good.
Not yet quite full, we ordered the osso buco served on a bed of creamy cheese polenta.
The osso buco was flavorful and had a fair amount of meat.
The cheese flavor of the polenta was absent.
Not quite done, we ordered two desserts--one that my dining companion had heard was very good and one Carlos recommended.
My companion wanted the giandujotto, hazelnut ice cream with another piece of hazelnut cream encased in a chocolate coating.
Carlos recommended the panna cotta with mango sorbet and sliced fruit.
Both were good but the panna cotta was the best.
It was light and exactly the kind of dessert to have after the meal we had eaten.
It was light, flavorful, and citrusy.
Service throughout our two and a half hours there was the best you could want.
Carlos was extremely knowledgable about the dishes and when asked, he was pleased to recommend things.
Our water glasses never got below being half empty--yes, I'm a half empty kind of person--and Carlos brought a fresh glass of iced tea to me before I was finished with the current one.
With the beautiful patio and the view of the fountains and Paris Las Vegas, it was a memorable evening.
I'm plotting when I can return and try some of the things I saw on the menu that will draw me back.
Another CES show, another new place to try for breakfast.
I decided to try the Sugar Factory for breakfast and I'm glad I did.
I had looked over the menu online before going, but I still looked again and was torn among three or so items.
I ordered the chocolate French toast which the menu described as dark chocolate stuffed brioche, strawberries, and chocolate syrup.
My server, Mariela, asked if I wanted maple syrup or chocolate syrup.
Hell, in for a penny in for a pound--I'll take the chocolate syrup.
She then asked, dark, light, or white chocolate.
I went with the dark.
The breakfast was not long in coming but it was long enough that I could enjoy watching the tourists think sitting on the patio was OK for this cold morning.
I also watched as the fountains at the Bellagio just shot upwards steadily for about 2 minutes.
The crew were out there doing maintenance.
The French toast was delightful.
It was a small portion, but for something this rich, that's exactly what you want!
I found myself breaking a small piece of brioche off and dipping the bread into the chocolate sauce.
Dessert for breakfast!
That's the way to go!
Service was OK but it could have been better.
It wasn't until I was done with my French toast that I was asked about more coffee.
Considering how few people there were this morning, Mariela should have checked back with me long before this to see how things were and offer more coffee sooner.
Still, I rate the breakfast 4 stars because it was great tasting, the people watching was good, and it was a good choice to go here.
Edit:  I asked when the check was brought if they give Total Rewards credit for the cost of the bill.
They don't, but if you give them your card, they'll give you a 20% discount off your entrée.
We stopped in to try this restaurant after driving by several times and reading some Yelp reviews.
I also had a Groupon I wanted to use.
We ordered Chinese style egg rolls.
They were quite good, served very hot such that we had to let them sit for quite awhile to prevent mouth burn.
For main courses, my wife ordered their garlic stir fry with chicken.
It was just the way she likes it, lots of garlic and a good amount of chicken with some vegetables.
I ordered the soft shell crab in garlic curry sauce.
They didn't ask me about a spiciness level and I didn't specify one.
It was a mild curry, but it was very good.
The crab was on top of asparagus and some yellow squash and zucchini.
The presentation of both dishes was very good.
For dessert, I tried the custard-Thai style.
It's more like a piece of bread pudding.
It was very flavorful and quite enjoyable.
My wife got some green tea ice cream.
We enjoyed our meal a lot!
The place is small--the sign says Maximum Occupancy 49.
Our server was very efficient.
There was a small language barrier but we overcame that with numbers and by pointing.
After the meal, he asked two things--how was the food?
Did we think it was priced fairly?
It's as if they are trying to find pricing that gets business but doesn't break their bank.
I did find the question quite odd.
We will be back.
I have to try some of the Vietnamese dishes.
And when my wife asks, "Are you going to write about this restaurant on the computer?"
(Is the pope Catholic?
), you know she enjoyed her meal a lot!
I took several reels of 16mm movie film to Patchin to have them put the files onto a DVD.
Understand, most of the film is 60 years or more old.
The film was very brittle and the last time I tried to view them on a movie projector, the lead of the film would break off and it just wouldn't work.
When I first moved to Las Vegas, I called a few companies and asked about doing this.
They responded with, "Sorry, we can't handle 16mm film."
I had gotten a recommendation from a guy who hikes with our group.
He was very pleased with the slide to DVD transfer they did for him.
I called Pathcin to see if they did 16mm films and the answer was yes.
I was off to their place with high hopes.
I was told that it might take a month before the transfer was done because they do 16mm when they have a couple to do because of the set up required.
He also said it might be only a week--it depended on their business.
I got a call today, less than two weeks after I dropped off the reels, and I now have a DVD with movies from when I was 5 or 6 years old and behaved like a hyperactive, little terror.
I have 55 minutes of priceless memories thanks to their fine work!
I will be able to share these memories with my brother--something we both had hoped to do years ago.
Patchin was great!
Very personable and very professional product!
I had a 7:45 reservation and I arrived about 5 minutes early.
I was able to sit in the coveted "private dining room" which in fact for me was the patio area.
I was the only one who wanted to sit out on a very pleasant night when the wind had stopped and the temperature was pleasant.
Service started quickly and remained top notch throughout the entire evening.
I ordered an iced tea and it was brought with a small shaker bottle of simple syrup.
My order included French onion soup for the appetizer, the 9 ounce Wagyu skirt steak with foie gras addition for the main course accompanied by their Mac & Cheese waffle.
For dessert, I ordered the crème brûlée doughnuts.
It seemed like a long wait for the onion soup but I was enjoying the beautiful evening and the people watching the patio afforded.
I could hear the music from inside and the patio proved the golden place to sit this night.
The onion soup was brought and it was well worth the wait.
The rich broth with sliced onions and topped with gruyère and parmesan cheeses was very good.
Shortly after the soup was brought, a server asked if I wanted some bread.
I asked for some but asked for a small amount--not a full portion.
I was brought two end pieces of wonderful bread with butter that was topped with some black salt crystals.
It was excellent.
The butter had softened from the warm bread and spread beautifully.
I had asked for my steak to be as rare as possible, a difficult request for skirt steak because of the lack of thickness to this cut.
It was done perfectly.
It was accompanied by a glazed shallot and some chimichurri sauce in a small gravy boat type container.
On the side were three pieces of the mac & cheese waffle and the one server urged me to eat the waffle while it was hot.
This cut of steak is known for its flavor and it was very good.
It was tender and moist.
The foie gras was outstanding.
That was the first thing I ate, and I savored every piece.
The mac and cheese waffles were served with the same type of small gravy boat but with a cheese sauce.
Altogether, the waffles, the foie gras, and the steak made for an outstanding main course.
Room for dessert--of course.
Well, I did leave one waffle, but the server had been correct about eating these while hot.
It lost a little something as the waffle cooled somewhat.
My server told me about a special sorbet for that evening but I had to go with the crème brûlée doughnuts.
It was the right choice to make.
These are doughnut holes filled with vanilla custard and they are so good.
None of the three was left.
Service throughout the night was excellent.
My main server, Keith, accompanied by his co-server Lewis, made sure that my iced tea glass was always filled.
It seemed like several of the servers from inside, when they stepped out for a quick breath of fresh air, stopped by to check on me.
Two hours later, I left having enjoyed the private dining room and filled with good food.
Prices are on the high side--Downtown Summerlin pricing--but I knew this going in so there's no complaint about that.
It was a very good dinner with excellent service in very enjoyable surroundings.
This was my first foray into eating Hawaiian food other than just trying some of these items from a buffet.
Three of us came here to share plates and try a number of different things.
Items ordered:

1/2 portion poke furikake style
Chicken katsu and kalua pig mixed plate
Kalbi short ribs and shrimp mixed plate
Roast pork loco moco
1 musubi 
Banana bread pudding
Chantilly cake
Guava cake
Haupia cake
Kona coffee mudd pie

There were three standouts in the savory items ordered--kalua pig, kalbi short ribs, and roast pork loco moco.
I've been a fan of kalua pig and this did not disappoint.
The meat was juicy and flavorful.
The short ribs were grilled perfectly with the meat being very juicy.
I thought the marinade was a little sweet and I didn't care for the flavor of the small container of sauce we got in a small container.
The loco moco was good as far as the pork was concerned and the gravy was good.
There was just so much rice that everything else got lost in the rice.
The two combination plates we got both came with two large scoops of rice and one large scoop of macaroni salad.
There was just an overwhelming amount of rice.
The macaroni salad was quite good.
I enjoy poke but this was different than other poke I've had.
The tuna was crunchy in texture and not soft like other times I've gotten poke.
I don't know which is the way it's supposed to be.
The furikake flavors were good.
I'd skip the musubi.
A whole lot of rice with only a small piece of spam inside.
For the sweet items, we got smiles from the server when we started ordering.
At one point he said, "You do know we have large portions?"
With a laugh, our order continued until we had four slices of cake and a banana bread pudding.
Standouts here were the banana bread pudding and the guava cake.
My favorite was the guava cake.
The Haupia was nothing special and the chantilly was a bit disappointing.
Understand that I would not turn down any of these if offered to me, but I wouldn't order those.
I found the Kona coffee mud pie disappointing.
Stick with the guava.
Now I know why my friend, Candace C, says in her review that ..."this is grubbing, stick-to-your-ribs, need-to-wear-pants-with-­elastic-band-before-­coming kind of food."
Service was OK.
I've been to Yardbird three times and it's necessary for me to update my review to reflect the fact that they've won me over.
While I'm still not a fan of friend chicken and waffles, there are so many other good things coming out of the kitchen that I could be happy never to see the chicken and waffles.
Six of us came for brunch Saturday morning and we were served by what the kitchen decided to make and send out.
Items we received:

Buttermilk biscuits with honey butter and house made jam
Warm farmer's cheese and watermelon
Chicken salad
Friend chicken skin cheese sandwiches
Egg and sausage biscuits
Country fried steak and eggs
Chicken and waffles with watermelon cubes and honey hot sauce and bourbon maple syrup
'77 Elvis pancakes--chocolate chip pancakes, banana compote, bourbon maple syrup,peanut butter
Chimichurri steak and eggs with has browns
Strawberry shortcake
Hummingbird cake
Chess pie
S'mores brownie
Butterscotch cake with bacon frosting and butterscotch sauce with toasted pecan bourbon ice cream

Some of these dishes are not on the menu as they're experimenting with some dishes to put on a future menu.
The new country fried steak and crispy skin cheese sandwich are clear winners!
I am becoming a bigger fan of biscuits.
These are flaky and really don't need the butter or jam but they're good to try.
The chicken salad is something I've had before and it's good.
I did have some waffle and the cheddar used makes the waffles stand out.
Any dessert you get here is fantastic.
The pastry chef, Vivian Lee, is in a league of her own.
OK, Yardbird--you earned it!
Here's the 5th star!
Review for casino and ticketing only:

I've been to Caesars many times for shows and I've always found it to be an interesting place to people watch.
I like the different ways to get to the Palace and Forum casinos and how people I'm with often seem to get lost without proper directing.
I was here today to buy a ticket for the new show "Absinthe."
OK, off to the box office by the Colosseum.
Nope.
Try check in.
No  box office.
Ask the concierge.
Oh it's outside by Serendipity 3.  Who knew?
Well they did.
And then, the box office doesn't open until noon, so I sat in the shade and played Angry Birds.
The box office attendant was great!
She was very competent and helpful.
Now for the show in another week.
I can't wait!
If the prices were lower, I'd give this place 5 stars, but I can't.
I had a Restaurant.com certificate and I made a reservation as per the certificate and came out tonight for dinner.
I was going to eat inside, but the patio was so inviting I decided to eat out.
It was lovely.
There's something that doesn't seem quite right about being in the middle of the desert eating next to a lake with a large boat.
Now on to the food.
I ordered the crab cakes for an appetizer.
Wonderful!
The cakes had lots of real crab meat and not just shredded pieces.
The cakes are coated with panko crumbs and served with a curry and coconut sauce.
Also, hot rolls were brought out before I got the appetizer and there was a scoop of butter and a scoop of tapenade.
The main course was an 8 ounce filet cooked extra rare and topped with a  chimichurri sauce and served with garlic mashed potatoes and seasonal vegetables.
The filet was cooked the way I like it--barely--and the potatoes and vegetables were great.
I finished the last bit of mashed potatoes with some of the tapenade.
Excellent!
Dessert?
Why certainly.
I had checked the menu online and had decided on the Godiva chocolate cheesecake.
My server, Stephanie, asked me about dessert and said, "I highly recommend the Godiva cheesecake."
She read my mind.
It was fantastic!
Speaking of Stephanie, service was excellent.
No one went by without helping.
Different servers removed a dirty dish, another refilled my iced tea, and others asked if I needed anything.
Just the kind of service everyone appreciates.
The view of the lake as the sun was setting was absolutely stunning.
The last rays on the mountains were to be enjoyed like fine food.
I am so glad I opted to eat on the patio.
It made a good meal that much better.
And that too is a reason for the higher prices.
This is really a great show and is very kid friendly!
Popovich has gotten his animals from shelters in Las Vegas and he trains them for his show.
The things he gets cats to do are amazing and I had a big smile almost the entire show during the two times I saw this show.
There is some juggling in the show and his daughter does some parts of the show, too.
I really enjoyed the show and I'd certainly recommend it to anyone who is an animal lover.
I went to the Orleans Arena today to see the Lingerie Bowl IX between the Los Angeles Temptation and the Philadelphia Passion.
This arena is a perfect size for this kind of medium sized event.
There is plenty of parking between the East and West lots and the Orleans Hotel and Casino's garage.
Going to/from the casino is quite easy with the moving sidewalks, and going to any of the parking areas is a snap.
The arena is kept looking new with good maintenance.
One of my favorite things to do is go out on the viewing area on the east side of the arena and just look at the Strip hotels--especially at night.
There are a number of bathrooms available in several areas.
In short, this arena is certainly a great asset to Las Vegas for basketball, arena football, and special events like ice skating shows and concerts.
For years as a tourist and local, I've looked at the oyster bars at Coast properties and thought, "I have to try that sometime."
Last night sometime arrived.
I got the crab pan roast.
It was nicely done with crab claw meat, carrots, peas, and bell pepper in a thick sauce.
I was surprised by the amount of rice in the bowl over which the crab was placed.
I experienced one piece of shell, but that was minor.
The roast was tasty.
Service was quick--I sat at the bar next to another local with whom I chatted.
She eats there regularly and the time quickly passed and I was digging into my large bowl of goodness.
I ordered iced tea and I was brought a refill without asking.
I was expecting the roast to have some kind of kick, but then, that's why they have Cholula, Tapatio, and Tabasco along the bar.
Spice it up to your heart's content - or not!
I enjoyed the dinner here and it was filling!
I have had breakfast here once and today I was at a meeting in the Saloon that had a continental breakfast.
Bonnie Springs Old Nevada is OK if you keep in mind a couple of things.
It's been around for a long time, but it's recreated history, not a real historical place.
The zoo area is somewhat run down.
The folks are trying to get it turned into a non-profit so they can upgrade the pens for the animals.
The restaurant is quite good albeit a little pricey for where it is.
You do not have to pay admission if you are going there just to eat.
The place is best for families with younger children and on weekends when the train runs.
Kids of any age will enjoy the peacocks and ducks and other animals.
Yes, it is in need of renovation.
Yesterday was Social Sunday at the SLS and Umami Burger was the place where locals got 50% discount on their orders.
This was one place I had yet to try at the SLS so off I went to have a burger and fries before going to a play.
I had looked at the menu online and I knew what I'd order before I got there.
It sounds like I had truffle mania but actually there was little truffle taste in anything that had the name truffle attached to it.
I ordered the Sunny Side burger which is also known as the truffle especiale.
The menu describes it having parmesan frico, fried egg, truffle butter,and truffled arugula.
Along with this, I ordered the truffle fries described as thin cut fries with truffle cheese.
I ordered my burger rare and that's just the way it was served.
That was great!
The burger was large.
I didn't eat the top bun with its U brand for the company.
The burger was good.
I ate it with knife and fork rather than the pick up and slop over yourslef.
The fries were OK.
They were limp which I gather is the way Umami always serves them.
They were like an 80 year old who hadn't taken his Viagra.
I also had a black iced tea--known as gun powder tea--that was refilled without needing to ask.
My server was Courtney and she was TERRIFIC!
She was pleasant, knowledgable, and good at her job!
I'm glad this place was the Social Sunday place.
It was not a $25 meal but for the $12.70 price, it was OK.
This was the second time I've been to an In-N-Out restaurant and I was pleased with the burger.
I got a burger, protein style and an order of fries.
The burger was very juicy, and the sauce on the burger didn't overwhelm the flavor.
The fries were good.
Almost every review mentions how busy this location is and they are all correct.
We waited about 20 minutes to place and receive our order.
The parking lot was almost full near the restaurant although there's another lot north of the main one.
The interior was jammed with people.
A friend waited in line to place our order while I walked around trying to score a table.
It was almost like playing musical chairs and I finally sat at one two seater table before someone else.
SInce I don't generally buy burgers out (I like them cooked rare and most places don't do this) I have less experience with burger joints.
This would have been a 4 star review but for the wait and the quickness with which we had to eat or burger to get to our show on time.
After our Hot N Juicy UYE, most of the group headed here for dessert and was it a trip worth taking.
I had just bookmarked the new business--yesterday was their second day open--when Shirley and Teri decided we'd go here after the UYE if we weren't too full.
We picked out what we wanted and took it to a large dining room type table with some fresh flowers for their grand opening.
I got a macaron that was filled with gif and goat cheese.
What a wonderful combination!
Light crisp outside shell and a smooth interior.
I also got a box of 6 macarons to bring home--maple bacon, s'mores, pumpkin, and Nutella.
I can't remember the other two but they look great and based on the one I ate last night, they will be good!!
The macarons are about 3 inches in diameter--more like the ones at Bouchon than other bakeries that sell them.
While we were having our treats and chatting at the table, the owner came around with a sample of their rich hot chocolate.
It was very good.
For those who have been to a movie or were out shopping, this is a nice place to stop and unwind a bit.
Order some wine and have a sweet.
The interior is very pleasant and the staff is great!
Considering this was their second day open, they did a great job when the seven of us descended on the place.
They're open late on Friday and Saturday.
To the owner--after you've got everything in order there, open another location on the west side of town.
Then I'd see you more often.
Meeting friends here for dinner tonight, two had blintzes, one had the veal shank special, and I had the Cuban sandwich.
I haven't been here in over a year and nothing has changed--including the menu.
My Cuban sandwich was good, and it came with fries (my choice).
Service was good and I really have no complaints.
There's simply nothing compelling about eating here that makes me think, "Hey, I think I'll go to the Rampart and eat at the Promenade Café.
I stopped in here over the weekend to use some comp dollars on my Downtown Grand slot card for dinner.
Unfortunately, neither the hostess nor the manager (?)
she asked knew what to do.
She came back and said I had $100 in comps or a 2 for 1 entrée.
What?
I know, it didn't make sense.
to me either.
I decided to eat there anyway and opted for the bar where I could watch the baseball game.
After looking over the menu, I ordered their pot roast sandwich and a side of grilled corn--elote--Mexican style.
The bartender brought my iced tea and refilled it for me near the end of my meal.
The bartender, Alyssa, was great.
She asked me if I wanted the two items separately or served together.
Good service.
I opted to have them served together and it was fine.
Within a short time, the sandwich with fries and my elote were delivered.
The food was quite good and I enjoyed my time there.
Portion size is large and I opted not to have dessert after I ate so much which is unusual for me.
After I left, I checked with the slot club and the people at Freedom beat erred.
The club told me, "Yes, you have $XX to spend.
I think I'll go to Pizza Rock and spend it there.
I checked their music schedule and opted to go at a time when there wasn't any given the loudness of the music mentioned in other reviews.
Thanks for the heads up my fellow Yelpers!
This would have been a 4 star review if the people knew how the slot club comp dollars worked.
These two critters didn't.
*** Review is for Spring Restaurant Week 2014 menu ***

I've been wanting to try Piero's for many years.
It's one of those places that have a lot of history with the city and some of its famous entertainers and residents.
I was brought bread and iced tea soon after being seated.
For the first course, there was no choice.
It was an agnolotti and cheese combination.
There were five agnolotti in a cream sauce and a triangle shaped piece of fried mozzarella.
The server ground parmesan onto the agnolotti to my liking.
This starter dish was very good.
When eating the fried mozzarella, I couldn't help but think of my students and their senior prom.
They always cleared the place out of mozzarella sticks.
The second course was a choice salads.
I chose the Caesar and the server did freshly ground pepper to my liking.
The romaine was as crisp as can be and the dressing was great!
A large salad course but I managed!
For the third course, I had to go with the house specialty--Osso Buco.
It was amazing!
The meat gently came off the bone and the sauce in which the veal shank was braised was very good.
The server brought me a cocktail fork and stuck it in the bone to use as a marrow fork.
A straw would have been a good idea, too!
Along with the Osso Buco, there was a nice sized mound of fettuccine.
It had the brazing sauce poured over it.
Again, the server round parmesan over the dish.
I've had Osso Buco a few times before but it was never this good.
You can tell their process takes hours.
Service throughout the night was exemplary.
There must have been 10 people at least on duty and every one of them worked every table.
I was asked several times if I wanted a fresh iced tea.
When I finished my first glass, immediately a server appeared to take the glass to be refilled.
An empty pack of Sweet 'n Low was removed within moments of putting it on the table.
One of the servers who hadn't been at my table took my check and payment.
No waiting.
It's all for one and one for all.
Many of the Yelp reviews refer to this as old school.
I agree, and I think it's a great idea.
Seeing the servers with white jackets, watching the plates be pushed by my table on a rolling cart, having service that is outstanding--these may be characteristics of old school, and it's good that some places retain their old school ways.
My only complaint with the place is the mandatory valet parking.
The lot isn't that big.
I can walk.
If some want to valet, let them.
A requirement--no, it shouldn't be!
Boy Scout Canyon can be a 4 or 8 miles round trip depending on the vehicle you have and how far you want to hike.
I've done it both ways and I prefer the shorter version.
To get there, drive to Boulder City and continue straight on Nevada Way to Utah Street.
Do NOT head for Hoover Dam.
Make a right on Utah Street and follow it until it ends at the Boulder City garbage transfer area.
Turn right onto a graded road and follow it for less than a mile.
You'll see a left turn for a gun range.
Turn left here and follow this road for a short time.
There is another turn to get to the gun range.
DO NOT take that left turn.
Continue to the next left and then go down a steep hill that runs along the south side of the gun range.
You'll soon enter the Lake Mead National Recreation Area.
Inside the fenced area is where you park if you do not have a 4x4.
This will make your hike 8 miles round trip.
If you do have a 4x4, continue driving down the wash for another two miles.
The rocks are sharp in places and close to each other, so drive this with care.
At the end of the 2 miles, you'll come to the trailhead--a place that's wired off so vehicles can't go any more.
Park here.
From here, follow the wash as it heads to the Colorado River.
The rock formations are amazing and the views are great!
At about 1/3 mile from the trailhead, you come to a 15 foot dry fall that's easy 3rd class.
The best side to scramble down is on the left as you're looking down the wash.  Take care, but this isn't a hard down climb.
As you near the end of your wash, the canyon narrows and soon you come to the end of this part of the hike.
The end is a 20 foot dry fall you can only get down using ropes.
There are some hooks in the rock above, but I would not recommend you do this.
At the bottom of the dry fall is a pool like area in which I've never seen water.
Beyond this small pool is a high pour over that's more than a 300 foot drop.
Enough said.
You don't need to explore down there!
The next part of the hike entails retracing your steps about 3/10 of a mile.
Look to your left as you're hiking back and you'll see a use trail leave the wash and go up a hill.
Follow this trail which has some ups and downs and eventually it will lead you to a magnificent view of the Colorado and the Black Canyon Wilderness area.
This is a good place to have a snack and take photos.
When you're done, go back to the wash and head back to your car.
This is a great hike with lots of pretty vistas.
Wear hiking boots and take water.
A Camelbak is best!
Happy hiking!
This review is for the casino only.
It was quite amazing  coming here a year after it reopened with the new name and was gussied up from the old Bill's Gambling Hall.
The gaming area is well lighted, is very clean, and the main aisle is wide enough that you can get around the tourists who stop dead in the middle of the walkway to talk or whatever they're doing.
This is not a destination place for me.
There is no longer a self park garage.
Valet only and getting across Flamingo when I was going there turns this trip into a small nightmare.
I've been there.
No need to go back.
What's not to like about a baseball park with palm trees?
Cashman Field may have a few years behind it, but it's still a good place to see a game.
Parking is easy whether you park on the hill or in the area parallel to the convention space.
Parking is $4 which is a bargain for most places.
The proximity to the freeway makes it easy for most people to arrive/leave from the ballpark.
I am a fan of Cashman Field.
I've been to a number of shows in this theatre from Wayne Brady to Chazz Palminteri to Joan Rivers.
It's a fairly small size showroom with good views from wherever you sit.
Seats are generally comfortable although they're narrow seats and you elbow your neighbor sometimes.
I was here on Saturday evening to see Joy Behar.
The room is perfect for the comedy series that's running there now.
My one concern would be for handicapped people should there be the need to evacuate the theatre quickly.
One person in a wheel chair or scooter at a time on a slow small lift would be problematic in an emergency.
The staff has always been very friendly and helpful and I will be coming back for future shows that interest me.
I was to the library for a roundtable discussion so I can't review the books nor the study areas.
What I can say is that it is a beautiful building, unlike any library I've ever been in.
I noticed on the way in that the dedication plaque read 2001 so it's somewhat new.
I knew I was going to the Goldfield Room on the 3rd floor.
I saw the stairs on entering, and I made my way to the 3rd floor.
I studied the map and then saw a sign with an arrow showing visitors where the roundtable was being held.
The roundtable was sponsored by the UNLV Special Collections Division.
This division collects and preserves the history of Southern Nevada and especially Las Vegas.
The moderator of the event was Dr. David Schwartz, the Director of the Center For Gaming Research at UNLV.
The Center is part of the UNLV Special Collections Division.
The room was large, bright, and the sound system for the discussion was excellent.
What a super place for an event like this.
I hope to go back to the library some day when I have nothing planned and just walk around and browse.
I am a fan for sure.
I have seen three plays by this company at their performing arts center this year.
First, the performing arts theatre is a well designed theatre with a large stage with all the accoutrements to make it a first class theatre venue.
Second, getting from your car to the performing arts center is very easy.
There is parking on both sides of center and easy walking access.
It is handicapped friendly.
Last, the performances by the students in the three shows I've seen have made me want to come back for more.
There are several high school theatre companies in the Las Vegas Valley.
The Faith Lutheran Company ranks with the best.
If you see one of their shows advertised during the next school year, do yourself a favor and go see the show.
Tickets are inexpensive and you will be wowed by the talent of these high school students.
I used to go to the Shrine Circus every year when it came to the city near where I grew up.
In my early teens, I thought it got boring because it was always the same.
It's been 50+ years since I've been to a circus and I decided to see Circus Vargas because it was close to home.
This year, the circus was held on the bare land in Boca Park.
Parking was a breeze.
The tent housing the circus is not all that large.
It's a one ring, no animal traveling circus similar to European circuses.
The show last about 90 minutes including a 10 to 15 minute break for snacks/drinks/bathroom or just stand up and stretch.
There was a variety of acts from acrobats to trapeze and there were moments of levity when the clown(s) took over.
There was some audience participation and it was fun and not embarrassing to the person chosen.
One was with a group of youngsters.
I'd recommend this to anyone when it comes back to Las Vegas.
It's very good family entertainment and it will bring a smile to the face of all regardless of age.
It was a lot of fun seeing a circus after so many years break.
I was going to see Zumantiy again Monday night and I decided to give Il Fornaio a try.
I'm glad I did.
I was seated for my 5 PM reservation immediately.
The place was almost empty so I should have been.
I was asked my choice of eating on the casino facing patio or inside.
I chose inside.
My server, Carol, soon came to the table with bread and EVOO and balsamic vinegar.
She poured some EVOO onto a dish and then asked if I wanted any balsamic.
Thank you!
I don't like it when the two are mixed together on a bread plate.
The bread basket had some focaccia and two rolls.
She took my iced tea order and within a minute, the bus person working with her was at my table with the drink and some sweetener.
I had looked at the menu online but she pointed out the daily specials menu.
After looking that over, I changed my mind as to the main course.
For a starter, I ordered the grilled polenta with mushrooms and sheep's milk cheese.
The dish was very good.
The polenta with the mushrooms and the cheese made a great combination.
The main course is where I changed my mind.
I ordered off the specials menu the shell pasta in a gorgonzola cream sauce with sliced prosciutto.
green peas, and topped with toasted walnuts.
The gorgonzola sauce was excellent and the addition of the crispy prosciutto and toasted walnuts gave it a great flavor and wonderful texture.
I'm glad they had the specials menu.
The pasta was brought to the table very hot.
For dessert, I got the crema al doppio gusto.
The menu describes it as fennel-infused custard with chocolate mousse and caramelized sugar topping.
The dessert had the fennel custard on the bottom and was topped with the chocolate mousse and then a thin layer of sugar that had been caramelized with a torch.
During the meal, Carol was attentive.
She checked in several times during my time there to make sure everything was OK.
The bus person removed dishes promptly and refilled my iced tea 3 times always without having to ask.
Outstanding.
I am a fan!
This has been a bookmarked place for over a year and I finally got around to trying Elements last night.
I had an early show on the Strip, so we went a 4 PM when they satarted dinner service.
I had made a reservation using their website and our table with menus was waiting when we arrived.
Our server was Mimi and she soon brought us iced teas as we studied the menu.
Bread service came quickly and there were three choices.
I did have to ask for butter.
I ordered Jakarta chicken for myself and my wife ordered the vegetable pasta.
We started with a bowl of tomato basil soup that was very tasty.
The tomato was very rich and had a flavor that was unlike most tomato soups.
I would go back for some more soup.
Our main courses were quite nice.
They looked like small servings but that was deceiving.
The plates were quite large and somewhat deep so there appeared to be less food than there really was.
My Jakarta chicken was excellent.
Chicken with seasonal vegetables in a Thai peanut sauce with a nice tangy spiciness.
Perfect!
My wife enjoyed her vegetable pasta.
Mushrooms and yellow and green sautéed squash in a sun dried tomato-white wine sauce.
She didn't finish all her pasta so there was room for dessert.
The options for dessert were limited.
I opted for the carrot cake and my wife got the chocolate brownie cheesecake.
Standard desserts but very good and a nice way to end the meal.
Another Groupon successfully used and a fine meal.
I saw online that Made LV was having a Mardi Gras prix fixe dinner and I had to go.
The dinner was hosted by "Back of the House Brawl's" Jolene Maninna and Chef Canteenwalla.
I made a reservation for the start time at 6:30 and got there a few minutes before.
The back of the restaurant was reserved for the dinner.
A server brought me an iced tea and suggested I might want to sit on the patio until they were ready.
I was joined by two women with whom I shared the rest of the evening and proved to be most excellent company.
In a short time, we were invited indoors and we took our seats at a four seat high top.
The food in order of presentation consisted of:  mini muffalettas, chicken gumbo, stuffed artichoke, jambalaya, and Cajun crawfish boil.
For dessert, we were served king cupcakes and hot beignets.
All the food was very good with two standouts, the gumbo and the jambalaya.
The broth of the gumbo was very rich and the jambalaya had a good amount of andouille, shrimp, and chicken.
I am not a crawfish person but it was OK for one night to mess with these little creatures and suck out the small amount of meat each one provides.
My feeling is that any crawfish should be served out of shell in an étoufée.
The king cupcakes did not have a baby baked in any of them out of fear that someone would swallow one while eating the cupcake too quickly.
At our table, we all used forks to eat the cupcakes just in case and then our server explained why there were none.
The beignets were delicious and served very warm.
Fresh was the word for sure!!
This was a fun two hours.
Served family style and getting a chance to eat with previous strangers, it was a marvelous Mardi Gras evening.
The stand out besides the food was the wonderful staff.
Our server was John.
He had a great personality, used our names when talking with us, and was on top of everything.
Other staff came by the replace serving plates or bring a basket with more mini muffalettas and everyone was in good form!
I hope Chef Canteenwalla continues special events like this.
The price was good, the food was great, and the entire evening was enjoyable and memorable.
I was in the Sands Expo and Convention Area once before but never on a scale of this past weekend when I attended the Sony PlayStation Experience.
It seemed like the meeting rooms and convention spaces just went on and on.
The Center is fairly new and very clean and spiffy as compared to our other big convention spot just down Sands Avenue and Paradise a bit which is showing its age.
The huge crowd was handled fairly well but there was a problem with the electronic tickets.
Again, if you had paper, you almost went to the front of the line.
The staff were quite friendly and polite in moving such a large group of people into Hall A for the opening festivities before Hall B opened and the gamers could get at their controllers and try the games.
One drawback for some would be the long walk.
I parked at the Palazzo and came through restaurant row and then hung a left to the convention center.
I saw some people who came up in the elevator from the garage with me who walked around outside and then had to walk back to the end of the line.
The parking distance would be a major factor for some.
For me, it was just another hike.
Review for casino only:

I have always enjoyed the Monte Carlo although it seems like it could use an interior facelift.
I like the newer garage, but the walk from there to the casino is a long one.
Cocktail service was excellent last night.
She was around probably 5 times in 45 minutes and she asked each time she came back.
I've had Aria Mediterranean bookmarked for several months and I stopped in for a late lunch/early dinner after a program in DTLV.
I was immediately greeted and seated and given a menu and asked about a drink.
I ordered their homemade iced tea.
I started with a small bowl of barley soup which was very hot (temperature) and very good.
I wanted to try something different for the entrée, so I ordered the Fesenjan, a dish the menu describes in this way: Finely chopped walnuts stirred into pomegranate molasses with chicken (cooked for 12 hours).
The dish was very good and was something entirely different.
There is a sweetness to it from the pomegranate molasses but there's also a tang to the dish.
A wedge of white onion was served and I sliced this in small pieces to mix with the fesenjan to take away some of the sweetness of the dish.
The chicken cubes were fork tender and the rice with the chicken and fesenjan sauce was really good food.
I opted for some Persian style baklava for dessert.
It was very good and like almost everything they serve, made in house.
Service was excellent.
My being there was appreciated by the pleasant way I was treated during the meal and when I opted to pay at the pick up window if you've ordered take out.
The chef thanked me from the kitchen for stopping in.
I'll be going back some Sunday soon because I want to try one of their dishes that is only served on Sunday.
When our hiking group finished our hike in Sloan Canyon, it was just a short drive to come here for our after hike snacks.
This is a new park in the Inspirada section of Henderson and it is really well done.
There are baseball diamonds, volleyball courts, soccer fields, a wet area (soon to be ready), nice piocnic areas, great parking on either side of Via Firenze, a children's play area with slides, dog areas, and bathrooms.
In other words, this park has everything.
The picnic areas are covered and we had a great time enjoying the park and chatting about our hike.
The surroundings and amenities in this park make it a major plus if you live in this area.
I hiked here two weeks ago and the hike may eventually be off limits.
There is a company called the Anniversary Mine Prospects LLC that owns the land and mines in the wash and above.
They have been doing a lot of grading work and adding some roads.
There are no trespassing signs--private property--in several places and the wash had a chain link fence that had been knocked over by someone.
I'm planning on going back in January and I'll post if there are any changes.
Thanks to a friend's recommendation, I went to the Polaris Street Cafe for breakfast this morning.
Never judge a book by its cover!
From the outside you think, "This is the place Ben recommended?"
Once inside, it's a totally different world.
Red and white checked tablecloths on the tables, movie posters, and photos of old actors and actresses on the walls, and a very friendly staff.
I took a seat and a server brought me a menu and asked about something to drink.
I ordered coffee and he brought me both coffee and a glass of ice water.
The coffee was promptly refilled while I was there.
I had seen the menu online and I knew they had a good breakfast selection.
I ordered the Ranchero omelette which is a 3 egg omelette with pieces of sausage, green chilies, avocado,  cheddar cheese, and topped with a ranchero sauce.
It comes with fried potatoes and toast or biscuit.
In my case, I ordered rye toast and they asked if I wanted it buttered or not.
While waiting, I was surprised by the number of calls they got for delivery.
It seemed like someone was always on the phone taking an order.
In a short time, a server brought my breakfast and asked if I wanted any hot sauce.
Cholula, of course.
I was all set.
The breakfast was excellent.
Hearty and really more than I should have eaten even letting the plates go with some of the toast and potatoes unfinished.
The restaurant has three rooms.
Two larger rooms and one small room off to the north of the building.
This is a warehouse, business section of town so there are bars over the windows and on the door.
Don't be fooled by the cover.
The book is great!
Thanks Ben!
I owe you.
Maybe breakfast at the Polaris?
I've stopped at this AutoZone when I've needed small things for my cars.
I am not a do it yourself kind of person so it's always for something easy.
My xTerra has a burned out stop light bulb and I went here yesterday to get a replacement.
Having watched a YouTube video on changing the bulb, I felt like I was Super Mechanic as I sauntered in the store.
I found the booklet with the list of cars and found the number bulb I needed.
The gentleman who was at the counter verified my choice and I got the correct replacement.
I then asked him about changing the license plate bulbs to LED bulbs.
He came outside to my car, got down on the ground, and showed me how easy it is to change them.
I bought the two LED bulbs.
I have always found the people who staff the store to be very helpful like this.
They go above and beyond to help.
Now if the guy would just bring me a socket set, I'd be able to change the bulb for which I went.
OK, I'll borrow a socket set from a hiking friend.
And, I'll continue to stop here for this kind of minor thing.
I went to see this show during the week and I had a good time.
Most of her music is for the older set, but there were some younger people in the audience.
She started with a number of songs from Xanadu and then transitioned to some country and western (a bit twangy but tolerable).
There were some songs that I hadn't heard before which is always good.
She ended with a medley of songs from Grease--not my favorite movie nor group of songs.
There was an audience sing-a-long with her and then more with her back up singers while she went off stage to change for her final numbers.
The concert ended with a real favorite song of mine--Peter Allen's "I really Love You."
The band is excellent and the singers with are are very good, too!
I was a bit disappointed to see three monitors at different spots on the stage with lyrics scrolling by.
I guess it's just a safety feature in case she might get stuck on remembering the lyrics to a particular song.
At least it wasn't scrolling when she was talking about her career or parts of her life.
I think the show is over-priced but nostalgia sells.
It's not a show I'd see a second time but I had a good evening and her voice is still quite nice!
I am so pleased to have this new bicycle shop in my neighborhood.
I took my bike here yesterday to find out the reason for multiple flats with the front tire.
The young man at the store replaced the wheel liner to protect the tube from the spots where the spokes connect to the wheel.
Then he showed me the under side of the tube.
A hole was there from where the connection rubbed the tube and caused yet another flat.
The price was less than other shops charge for less work and it was done on the spot.
Having this shop in the neighborhood means I can ride my bike there and walk home when I take it in for a tuneup.
When ready, I can walk back and then ride the bike path back home.
I certainly am glad I went here yesterday instead of returning to my previous bike store.
This was much better!
When I was unable to open the front door to get into O'Aces, I should have recognized it as a sign that breakfast at O'Aces should not happen!
I pulled on the door several times, and then I walked out the entry way to see if there was another entrance.
No, there wasn't.
Back to the door.
A few more hard yanks and someone from inside came and opened the door.
I had gone brain dead over the fact that video poker bars/restaurants like this lock their doors for the overnight and morning hours as a precaution.
I never thought to look for the buzzer nor was there a sign anywhere saying to use same.
I did get in, however, and the first thing that hit me was the smell of cigarette smoke both stale and fresh and there was only one customer in the place.
From the reviews, I had expected some, but I got a full shot.
I walked into the restaurant area.
Under the Nevada Clean Indoor Act these places were to be separated from the smoking bar areas with enclosures.
They had the doors, but they were wide open.
Perhaps the the Legislature changing the law during its last session, O'Aces may not need to have the area sealed from the bar.
The waitress brought my menu.
There was a limited number of items on the breakfast section and I chose the 4 egg sausage and cheese omelette.
I got hash browns and my choice of toast was their sourdough.
Coffee was brought quickly and was refilled once during the time I was there although I was asked a second time.
Since I was fooling with my phone, the waitress asked if I needed more time before ordering and I said, "Yes."
She left and then it was a wait for her to come back.
I think she knew I was a special case (see getting in the front door above.)
The order was placed and then I waited.
About 15 minutes later, when I was thinking that I had certainly made the wrong decision in choosing O'Aces, the cook brought my breakfast to the table.
He then looked for the waitress because I think he'd been waiting for her to come pick up the order.
Now, there still are only two customers in the place--me and the guy smoking and drinking at the bar.
The omelette was OK.
Nothing special.
It was like they cooked one small sausage link, cut it into small pieces, and then mixed it with canned cheese and put it on the omelette before folding and plating.
It was no 4 egg omelette.
I've made bigger with only two eggs.
It was filling and it got me revved for the Make A Wish Run so it fulfilled its purpose.
I then had to wait a fair amount of time for the check to be brought.
There were still only two people in the place, me and...well you know who.
I put bills in the check holder and I got up and walked toward the bar where the waitress was in deep conversation with the guy at the bar.
That's what had kept her from doing her other work in a timely manner.
I handed her the folder, made my way to the door, pressed the button to unlock the door (see I'm eminently trainable), and out I was into the fresh air.
I made a mistake going there and I knew it at the front door.
Live and learn!
This is a strenuous hike with a lot of elevation gain to a false summit, then elevation loss, and then elevation gain to the true summit.
This is not a hike for the casual person, and it's almost a must that you wear hiking boots.
Especially coming back down, the steepness and the slippery sand and gravel can make slipping a very easy thing.
The payoff for all this hard work is the view.
The view of Las Vegas and the Spring Mountains to the west.
The view of Lake Mead, Rainbow Gardens, and Lava Butte to the east.
Any direction you look will be wonderful and you feel like you're on top of the world.
This is a cool weather hike.
You certainly don't want to be doing it in July when it's in the 100s.
I was conflicted about whether this should be a 4 or 5 star rating and I finally decided on the 5 stars.
The view makes this hike "as good as it gets" in spite of the work to reach the goal.
I have added some of the photos I took when I did this hike on February 18, 2008 to give you an idea of how steep the two road sections are.
Mandalay Events Center is one of the two major venues for large scale concerts with a capacity of about 12,000 people.
I have seen several concerts here starting in 2001 shortly after moving to Las Vegas.
I prefer this events center to the MGM Grand Garden because it's a bit more manageable in size which makes parking and leaving a bit easier.
There are plenty of concession areas and bathrooms.
The center is always kept clean.
I have one problem with them and it's a problem with them and TicketMaster.
I had my electronic ticket on my iPhone but the woman scanning tickets in the line I was in didn't have the ability to scan the phone.
Come on--work with your partner TicketMaster.
This is 2014.
Get with it.
The leg room is awful and the stairs going down the rows has different sizes.
As it turned out, the woman in front of me slipped and as I went to grab her from falling, we ended up sort of groping each other.
That ought to be worth a star of its own.
I think every arena is built this way.
There's a master blueprint somewhere that states this is the way it has to be and if you digress, the place will fall down.
In any case, I am a fan.
I'm not here often, but I do like seeing shows here.
I like the vibe of Mandalay Bay.
I've been to the District a few times and I came here last night for dinner.
I had a bit of difficulty finding the restaurant.
Note: do not depend on the Google maps with the Yelp iPhone's "Get Directions."
It literally took me the wrong way.
I made my way to one of the signs with a map for the District and located my restaurant that way.
I had walked very close to it but Google took me away from where I needed to go.
It's not good for off street areas like the District.
Now, for the dogs.
I know it's a dog friendly place, but can't you leave the damn dogs at home for awhile or will they tear up your place or cry incessantly because they miss you?
I sure hate to see what you'll be like when you have kids!!!
It's really disconcerting to walk around a pile of dog crap while the owner goes off in search of a dog bag holder that isn't empty.
Leave the critters home and let us who don't own a dog or do not wish to have them crapping where other people walk have a nice place to walk.
I biked to Boulder City from Equestrian Park in Henderson, so I was ready for a hearty breakfast.
I ordered the pork chili verde.
(note:  I have not seen the DDD show yet.)
The pork was very tender and was seasoned well.
All the dish needed was some Cholula which was conveniently right in front of me on the counter.
The rye toast was one thick slice, cut in two, and buttered very nicely.
I got the hash browns.
You have the option of getting a short stack instead.
Service was great!
I spoke with the owners son about the surf theme and he was quite a pleasant fellow.
He made everyone who came there feel most wanted.
I got there just about 9 AM and the place got busy quickly and there was a waiting list.
People were waiting outside on the benches for their names to be called.
It was a nice bike ride and a good breakfast.
I'll have to go back and try the waffles some time.
Spring Mountain Ranch State Park is a wonderful place to visit.
It's a place that has some nice hiking trails along the Red Rock Escarpment.
From the parking lot, if you walk up the hill past the ranger station, you'll come to Lake Harriet, the reservoir that provides water for the ranch.
There's a nice hike around the lake and you can continue on one of the overlook trails and visit the Wilson Family cemetery.
Make sure you take the time someday to visit the house and take the tour.
There's a lot of history here and it's quite an interesting place.
The place was owned by the Wilson Family and then later by a radio star, Vera Krupp (then owner of the Krupp Diamond), and by Howard Hughes.
The grounds are beautiful.
There's a large field with many picnic tables and it's a relaxing place to stop for a picnic or just to enjoy the scenery.
I decided to give Du-par's a try.
I arrived for an early dinner at 4:23.
I know that because one of the promotions going on for a limited time is to pay for certain meals an amount that is equivalent to the time you arrive between four and six.
There are 5 selections and you a required to buy a drink.
The choices aren't things I normally get.
Another limited time promotion is 50% off when you pay with slot club points, any day, any time of the day.
I had been to Du-par's in the Golden Gate but I was never blown away by supposedly having the best pancakes in the world.
I looked over the menu and decided on their chicken pot pie.
I was brought the iced tea I ordered quickly and a short time later the pot pie arrived.
A bit different in shape, this was oblong in a boat shaped dish.
There was a good number of chicken pieces, randomly cut.
The pieces weren't identical cubes.
The sauce was fine.
Pies are the thing that Du-par's does well and there's a wide selection.
For dessert, I had coconut cream pie, something I hadn't had in a long time.
The meal was OK, service was good, and the 50% off made the $15+ price palatable--no pun intended.
I'd return for a sandwich or just some pie but this isn't a place that I'd make a regular stop unless I was at the Suncoast.
Before a show at the Colosseum at Caesars, I came here for an early dinner.
Opening promptly at 5 PM, I was seated and soon a bevy of servers brought a number of different starters to the table.
First, a large wheel of Grana Padano cheese and gouged a chunk out and placed it on a small plate.
Then came Italian bread, focaccia, garlic bread, sautéed zucchini, and bruschetta with one mussel.
This before any menu was offered.
It was almost overwhelming that items kept being brought to the table.
The captain then told me the specials for the night without price information and he left me with a menu.
I ordered an iced tea which was soon brought and was kept refilled during my dinner.
When the captain came back, I ordered the Stracciatella alla Fiorentina soup, sometimes referred to as Italy's egg drop soup.
For the main course, I got the porcini mushroom stuffed ravioli in and black truffle and champagne sauce.
The soup was very good and very hot.
With the choice of breads I had been brought, there was a wide variety to go with the soup.
A bus person grated cheese and ground fresh pepper for the soup.
The white of the eggs were evident all over the top of  the soup.
Very nice.
The ravioli was good.
Again I was offered freshly ground cheese and cracked pepper and I chose both.
The ravioli were good but the mushroom taste didn't make it.
The pillows were unevenly stuffed and the flavor came from the delicious sauce.
For dessert, I got panna cotta with orange sauce and very thin rind.
It was a light ending to a heavy meal with all the bread and the number of ravioli that were served.
For the most part, service was good.
However, for a restaurant of this caliber, I would expect them to patrol the table a bit more and remove used sugar substitute packets.
This is one of my tests for the best of service from a high end spot.
The dinner was good, but Il Mulino is certainly charging Strip prices and there are better Italian restaurants on the Strip.
We have been going to the Shoe Lab for three years.
They put a lift in my wife's one shoe.
They are pricey but I can't compare it to other places because this is the only one we've been to.
Their work always takes several days and I know that in advance and plan for it.
The work has always been first rate.
OK, our highs are only in the 80s so what am I supposed to eat?
Go to Mr. Tofu and have a bowl of some boiling hot sundubu.
I went here tonight on the recommendation of several Yelp friends.
I was not disappointed.
There were only 2 tables occupied and service was quick.
I ordered the beef sundubu spicy hot.
I found their hot to not be as hot as I expected.
Next time, I'll ask for some extra spiciness.
Before the soup came, he brought me 5 banchan dishes.
I especially enjoyed the kimchi and the pickled radish.
When the soup came, he warned me that it was very hot (bowl and contents) and to take care.
The soup was excellent.
Good slices of beef, wonderfully soft tofu, and a hearty broth that was full of flavor.
I can't give it 5 stars because this is the first sundubu I've had so I have nothing to compare it to.
Suffice it to say, I'll be back.
This is real comfort food Korean style!
I had 2 dips of cinnamon frozen yogurt.
It was excellent.
As others have mentioned, it's a bit pricey here.
I marked the place down because of the lack of value and the area where you eat.
Since the store is so small, the only tables are in the Miracle Mile Shops hallway, narrow in this section, and there are people walking by constantly.
Not even good people watching.
If I go back, I'll take the yogurt into the casino and sit at a machine where there's more room.
I can't give La Belle Terre the full five stars yet, but I hope to go back and get some of their wonderful looking pastries!
Wow!
What a sight!!
I stopped in to check the place out and to get a few dinner rolls.
I got a half dozen mini ciabatta rolls.
We had two of the rolls with dinner this tonight and they're quite good and just what I wanted!
I think I put on an extra pound just ogling the pastries in the case!
I think they were about to call Metro and report me.
Service was very quick and very friendly.
Again, I thank my fellow Yelperazzi for letting me in on this secret.
I didn't know what was behind the big sign I saw going west on Sahara.
Now I'll be parked under that sign numerous times to come.
The place also helps with your mental ability--in fact it has made me a bit clairvoyant.
I foresee me doing lunch here very soon!
C'est si bon!
I went to see the show last night, and I really enjoyed myself.
I sat with some tourists and we had a great time laughing and singing and dancing with the crowd.
Don't go for the meal.
It's not that much nor is it haute cuisine.
What I liked was the recreation of an Italian wedding.
I've seen the "groom" in many local plays that tourists would never see, so it was an extra treat for me.
The singer who was the wedding entertainer was quite good, and there was a mix of music to please all ages.
I would recommend what others have said.
If you go, look for discounted tickets.
As for VIP tickets, they get you to the food line first (not a big deal), but you do sit very close to the wedding action.
As the "theatre" is long and narrow, I would have hated being at the end by the stairs.
I was at Austin's many years ago--in excess of 10--so it's been awhile.
The rating is between a three and a four but I've rounded it to three.
My server was Shawn and he was excellent.
He gave me the menu and then explained three of the night's specials.
After pondering for some time, I ordered lobster chowder, the 22 ounce ribeye steak special, and a twice baked potato.
The chowder is a cream based soup with corn, potatoes, bacon, and some lobster meat placed in the center of the bowl.
Great cream soup with a lack of lobster you'd normally get with lobster bisque.
The steak was ordered black and blue and while it was fairly rare inside, it could have been a little less done.
The twice baked potato--almost a throwback on menus today--was very good.
A huge baker that had been mashed, seasoned, and put back into the shell of the potato--some now cut away--and loaded with cheese.
Dessert was a let down.
First, there were only 5 things from which to choose and second the carrot cake I got was a bit dry.
I do like the room a lot.
There are no TVs, their bar is in the casino so the drinkers and noise makers are out there.
There is no door separating the room from the casino, but no sound from the casino could be heard.
I really liked having dinner without seeing a bar with multiple TVs--basically a sports bar-- and seeing people around the bar having happy hour small plates.
The room is nicely appointed.
Shawn was an excellent server.
He had good answers for my questions and he steered me correctly in deciding on some things to order.
A little work on the grilling and desserts and this would definitely be a four star steak house.
They also have free wifi!
I was in the area so I stopped here to get some things.
The frustrating thing with Walmart is their inventory problems.
If they run out of something, they have no warehouse near to restock the item.
Instead, when the truck comes with the item it gets restocked.
This means it can be weeks before an item is back on the shelf.
I found that here yesterday.
A couple of things were missing from the shelves.
Unless you hop from one store to another you wait or buy it somewhere else.
Checkout was very slow.
They changed checkers as I neared the front of the line.
Rule of thumb--if you see me in line, get in another one.
I have the ability to always pick the slowest moving checkout!
*** 1 star rating to the McDonald's at this Walmart ***

At this time of the year, I indulge in an eggnog shake a few times.
That's what I ordered.
There was some consternation as she filled the cup.
Another McD employee came over and got some out of the tap and tried it.
She then added the whipped cream and cherry to my eggnog shake.
However, he brought it over and told me it was orange freeze or something like that.
They had no eggnog.
I left after getting a refund.
I hope he enjoyed the shake.
I have mixed feelings about Lake Las Vegas.
One the one hand, I hate the fact that we allowed the diversion of water from Lake Mead to create this artificial lake for an upscale resort, shopping, and housing area.
On the other hand, isn't the whole valley built on Lake Mead diverted water?
The Great Recession has hit as hard here as it has anywhere in the Las Vegas Valley.
Many of the stores are empty and available for lease.
The best thing about Lake Las Vegas are the large number of special events they have to drive traffic to the resort.
If you ever saw the Andrea Bocelli concert: Amore Under the Desert Sky, then you've seen Lake Las Vegas.
Bocelli performed from a stage for special events that's in the Lake Las Vegas Village near the Ravella Hotel, then the Ritz Carlton.
The resort is fine but mostly for special events.
It's not worth the drive for me unless there's a destination reason.
I've been to several shows at the Arts Center.
The theatre is a fairly large performance area with seating for several hundred people.
This is the new home for all productions of the Rainbow Theatre Company since the building they were using on Las Vegas Boulevard was being closed and then taken over by another company.
There are rotating art exhibits here.
Parking is available in the lot and on street.
Last night's production of Charlotte's Web was very well done!
The kids do a great job!
The highlight for me was the bread basket.
Good cheese lavash, a multi-grain bread with cherry and bacon bits, and sliced baguette.
The cherry bacon bread was outstanding!
I ordered the Vadouvan Squash--squash, root vegetables in a rich curry with couscous.
It was good, but I would have liked a bit more curry flavor to the dish.
After dinner, the server brought us a complimentary plate of miniature macarons.
It was a tasty ending to the meal.
Service was good.
My iced tea was replaced with a fresh one when I got low on the first one.
Water glasses were refilled.
Our server was super about 5 people paying with cash and credit cards.
The room was very loud when we first arrived at 7:30, but quieted down as some of the diners left.
I like the film reels on the ceiling in going with their Barrymore theme.
I think the place is a bit overrated.
I don't think I'd make a return visit.
The prices don't justify what you get.
I stopped in here today to get an item that another chain did not have in stock.
Parking was easy and close to the door--surprisingly.
I didn't know the layout so I had to look until I found the right aisle.
Checkout was quick and the cashier did not push in his question about getting a Target card.
This is not the Target I'd go to, but it was on my way home from United Blood Services so it made a handy stop.
I've been to this outlet a few times in the D and the only problem I've experienced have been long lines.
I stopped in Friday night before the fireworks at the Plaza and got a shamrock shake.
There were two people at the register and the wait was short as things moved along quickly.
Their Apple pay works and I had my drink in good time.
I'll stop again when I need something from McDonald's and I'm near here.
After hiking Sunday, several of us decided to meet up at this Rachel's Kitchen.
I had been at one of the locations several years ago, but this was my first time here.
I was going to get a fruit bowl until I saw the Special of the Day was their breakfast sandwich and I went with that and a coffee.
The sandwich consisted of scrambled eggs, bacon, and avocado on ciabatta bread.
It comes with a generous portion of breakfast potatoes.
After ordering and getting my coffee cup, I went to a large table and put the order number holder down and then chose my coffee from different roasts available.
In a short time, the sandwich arrived and it was quite tasty.
The potatoes were OK.  Having a choice of light or dark roast coffee is nice.
There's a Rachel's Kitchen much closer to where I live so I'll be to that one when I return.
The company of hikers here made the meal!
I decided to give this new store a go last night.
When I got there at 8:45, it was closed.
I guess it must have been cleaning night.
There was some light and a worker doing his mopping.
I returned tonight to see the bright lights shining and customers enjoying their yogurt.
I had Reese's Peanut Butter and Cookies and Cream.
There are 12 flavors to choose from, some tart, and some others to try I haven't seen as often.
I do need to try the Orange Cream, but it wouldn't have gone well with my other flavors.
There are an abundance of toppings, both fresh fruit and the candies.
I did not see mochi, so Tony, you may be disappointed.
(look at the business answer below - I was wrong!!)
I was prepared to give the store 4 stars.
Then I saw on one of their flat panel displays that change messages, a sign saying "People Love us on Yelp."
How could I not give them the extra star?
Nice bar stools along the window, a nice round conversation pit like seating in the center, and some tables make it an inviting place.
Price of yogurt is $.39 per ounce so it's on the pricier side.
They do have a loyalty card for repeated visits.
Purchase 7, 10 ounce yogurts and get the 8th, 10 ounce yogurt free.
Give Cherry On Top a try!
Review edited to correct errors.
OK, they now get a 4 star review because they're stocking more sugar free Peeps and I can get my annual fix.
They deserve the star!
I went to the Lounge at the Palms to see Rick Faugno, who formerly played the part of Frankie Valli in Jersey Boys at the Venetian.
The lounge is a perfect, small venue for this kind of entertainment.
There were probably a hundred people there.
It's an intimate room.
I do have to agree with other comments about how close the seating is.
The cocktail waitress, a very slim, pretty thing, had a hard time navigating through the chair and table maze.
Faugno at one time, when he came into the audience, got himself blocked from returning to the stage until he figured an alternate route out of the maze.
The lighting and sound were done very well and enhanced the performance.
I have one major complaint--the price of drinks.
I realize where I live and I know the Palms is a "hot spot" for the young things, but $4 for a bottle of water!
I should have gotten a free water from a waitress in the casino and given her a good tip.
It would have been 1/2+ less than what I paid in the showroom.
That's almost nightclub kind of pricing.
I'd come back to the Lounge given the entertainment was appealing to me.
But, I've learned a few things, and I'd make my visit a better experience!
A group of 20 of us got together for a 12 course, prix-fixe menu set by chef Gregg Fortunato and owner Peter Chen.
Dessert was from Desyree Alberganti of Gelatology.
The courses were:

Kanpachi sashimi
28 day aged wagyu carpaccio
Smoked foie rinds
Drake duck jam
Kurobuta pulled pork
Octo-cargot
Scallop dynamite
Shumai
Yari ika squid
Squid ink and uni fried rice
Whole crispy fried fish
Green tea and uni dessert

Inyo is doing some fine food.
Over the approximately three hours we dined, we got to sample items from the menu.
I was going to go here myself but I was cautioned against this.
I was advised it was best to go with several people to sample more items and that was very sound advice.
There were some real winners in the 12 courses.
The smoked foie rinds--crispy togarashi rinds with yuzu honey and shaved smoked foie gras was completely addictive.
There was some Asian spice sprinkled on for a little heat.
I would never sit around the house eating pork rinds, but if these were here, I would.
Moving on, the beef carpaccio was quite good and the presentation was very good.
The think slices were topped with stilton bleu cheese and honey soy mustard seed along with micro greens.
The mustard seed and bleu cheese were touches that added beautifully to the dish.
Another winner was the drake duck jam served with rice crackers, bean sprouts, and basil.
The duck jam was thick and delicious.
I could have eaten the jam directly from the jar and skipped making a small cracker sandwich.
Continuing with the winners were the scallop "dynamite"--live scallop, spinach and mushroom baked in a house masago sauce.
The only thing needed here was a spoon or some bread to finish off the wonderful masago sauce.
Finishing off, the crispy whole fish and the whole squid were excellent.
I was not impressed with the octo-cargot.
The classic escargot topping was flavorful but the octopus was tough from being baked too long in the escargot dish.
There were some good flavors with the squid ink and uni fried rice but it would be a dish I wouldn't order.
Summing up, the 12 courses were mostly excellent dishes with creative food, plating that was nicely done, and service that was very good.
Inyo is a winner!
I went to see For the Record: Baz before it leaves Mandalay Bay and I decided to try Citizens for something different.
I was rather pleased with my meal and service there.
My server, Tony, answered some questions I had about the menu and he told me about some specials.
I ordered a small Caesar salad for a starter.
For the main, he recommended the fish tacos and I went with that.
For dessert, I again took his recommendation and ordered the carrot cake.
It was good following his advice!
The Cesar salad was a normal one, nothing special.
They could have left the hard piece of bread with baked cheese on it.
The bread was indeed hard and there was no cheese flavor.
It looked better than it tasted.
I have only gotten fish tacos once before so this was almost a new entrée for me.
The tacos were filled to the brim.
The mahi mahi was tasty, there was some slaw, and each taco had a slice of avocado along with some chipotle aioli.
There were three side containers of sour cream, guacamole, and pico.
The tacos were juicy and messy eating, but worth it.
The carrot cake was a gigantic slice of goodness.
It was rich cake with a good cream cheese icing and nuts sprinkled liberally on the icing.
You are paying Strip prices for tacos you could get from a street vendor for much less.
The restaurant was almost empty and the quiet was enjoyable.
Tony was a great server and I'm glad I gave Citizens a try.
I had a voucher for $25 for Darden Restaurants and from the choices available, I opted to try Bahama Breeze.
I arrived about 5:15 and was seated in a rather empty restaurant except for a private party in one room.
I was seated immediately and my server, Mike, came over and ask for drink order and let me know if I had any questions about the menu to ask.
He got my iced tea.
I ordered a cup of black bean soup and the coconut shrimp.
The bean soup was brought in a short time drizzled with a back and forth with a cilantro-crema.
The crema didn't really give the soup any flavor.
It seems it was more decorative than functional.
The main course--coconut shrimp--was brought with the correct amount of break between appetizer and main.
The shrimp were good and it had been quite awhile since I had coconut shrimp which I like.
It was served broccoli and yellow rice.
The shrimp were good but I think it would be better as an appetizer than a main.
For dessert, I got the chocolate island, a dessert the menu describes as "rich chocolate mousse on a fudge brownie island in chocolate sauce and vanilla bean anglaise."
It was a very good dessert and the best part of the meal.
Mike's service was very good.
My iced tea was refilled without asking.
Bahama Breeze was an OK place.
I started a new December tradition this year--having breakfast on Christmas Day and New Year's Day somewhere on the Las Vegas Strip preferably with a patio and hopefully no wind.
I've been going to try Morels during Restaurant Week but never got to it.
I called last week to check that the patio was open for breakfast and that it was heated.
The woman I spoke to said, "Oh yes!
It's very nice."
I was there close to opening time this morning.
When I went in, I asked the host if the patio was open.
He said, "Yes, but it's cold out."
I replied that I knew and I had dressed warmly.
I was shown to a table facing TI.
During the 45 or so minutes I was there, I had no company on the patio and the heaters were not on nor were any turned on for my benefit.
Having read the Yelp reviews and the menu online, I think I knew when I went I would be ordering the mascarpone stuffed French toast.
I also got the Kenya AA Oaklands Estate coffee that was done in a French press.
I got a glass of tomato juice and some tabasco to make my spicy breakfast drink.
The French toast was excellent.
When I ordered, my server, Carlos, asked if I wanted the syrup on the side which was my choice.
The French toast is a nice sized round of tasty bread filled with mascarpone and topped with fresh strawberries, bananas, and a few raspberries.
The cinnamon on the toast and some crunchy sugar on the berries added to the fine flavor.
The syrup was good, but I could use it sparingly the French toast was so good.
Carlos brought me a second pot of coffee and I enjoyed sitting there watching the workers do some painting of the walls.
I hadn't seen any graffiti from New Year's Eve partiers, but maybe they were just cleaning up some foot prints where people jumped the wall to get to the closed Boulevard.
I would have given Morels four stars but for the heaters.
When you call ahead and get a yes answer and then it's not true and no one offered to light the one right behind me, it's a service let down for me.
Carlos was a fine server and we talked about where he had parked NYE so he could get to work and back to his car with the street closures.
He gave me some tips I'll put to use next year when I do go to the Boulevard or close instead of watching on TV.
Review for casino only:

We had dinner at the Flame Steakhouse last night and played some video poker before going to another destination for a show.
The El Cortez has changed a lot in the last number of years.
The place is a lot brighter and cleaner than it used to be.
The slot staff is around often to help those who need help of any kind.
The pay tables for VP are among the best in Las Vegas and downtown.
Cocktail service was often and prompt.
This is a good place to go for a change of pace.
It was nice to see the Las Vegas legend, Jackie Gaughan, playing poker at one of the tables.
He is the last of a rare breed of casino guys from days gone by,
I came here for the first time yesterday to see The Hundred-Foot Journey.
Our group was going to go elsewhere but we came here because of an earlier screening time than we had planned.
The line became a bit long for buying tickets and they opened a second window which moved things along.
The staff were competent and friendly and we were told which direction to go to get to the correct theatre.
The group of 7 or so found good seats together and they were comfortable.
I'd have liked a little more leg room, but I think the distances were pretty standard.
This is a could to Regal Village Square where I normally go.
The sound and video quality were good.
It was a good suggestion to come here and make an earlier screening time.
I enjoyed Véronic's voice quite a lot but I just didn't know how well she was doing at impersonating many of the people she did because I had absolutely no idea of how they sound.
The 6 dancers add a little diversion during the show and the lighting is OK.  She has an adorable French Canadian accent.
I found myself closing my eyes and just listening to her voice which I say again is very good.
While the hook for the show is it's name--Voices--not many celebrity singing impersonators go very far in show business.
Perhaps she should ditch her impersonations and let her voice stand on its own.
The show lasted 90 minutes and was OK.
It also started 10 minutes late which is not OK.
Blossom was one of the restaurants in Aria that I had never been to even though I had read very positive reviews of the restaurant.
I had a ticket to see Zarkana so I went last night and ordered from the early dining menu which is a prix fixe 4 course meal.
I started with the corn egg drop soup.
It was standard fare.
Very tasty and a good starter.
Next came crisp fried beef roll with enoki mushroom and Mandarin brown sauce.
The rolls had a crisp exterior and very good tasting, moist beef inside.
The brown sauce was flavorful.
The main course has a choice option and I went with the beef tenderloin with portabella mushroom.
The beef was coated with black pepper and there was a small amount of black pepper sauce with the meat.
Accompanying the meat were stir fried bok choy and rice.
The meat was so very tender it could almost be cut with a fork only.
For dessert, there were two mochi--red bean and green tea.
Service was superb!
The servers knew I had a 7 PM show.
Since the restaurant opens at 5:30, time is an issue.
The courses were brought out in a timely manner with enough time between so not to feel rushed yet never was I tapping my foot nor looking at my watch.
They know what they're doing!
My server, Kenny, was very polite and pleasant.
The restaurant is quite elegant.
It was relatively quiet with modern music playing at a low, background volume which would be conducive to conversation.
I have to return and order à la carte when I can try some of the very interesting things on the menu.
We met friends from out of town who are staying at Encore at the buffet for dinner.
The cost for two makes this an expensive buffet.
What you're buying is the chance to try a number of different things you don't see on many menus.
My wife had most vegetable items and salad.
I had a little of several things - a lamb chop, some risotto, baked fall vegetable medley, curried chuck peas, and some jerk chicken.
Everything was well prepared.
I marveled that the lamb chops could be sitting there and yet still be rare.
Desserts were good.
I wasn't bowled over by anything in particular.
Perhaps I should have tried a crèpe, but I didn't take the time to wait for one to be made.
At $75 for two people.
you're at a level where two people could have a nice meal at a regular restaurant.
It's a tough call.
That's why we don't come here that often.
I came here today to have breakfast at Du-Pars.
It has been years since I've been in this small joint (fondly stated)!
There is so much history on the walls with the photographs of San Francisco.
But, what I really liked were the local mementos--a replica of an original 1907 Kellogg telephone that was in the Golden Gate when it was the Hotel Nevada and had the telephone number of 1.
Near the replica phone is an original guest book for the hotel dated 1906-1908.
What a wonderful piece of history!
There are some photos also of more modern interest.
Check the south wall as you head toward Du-Pars from the table games area and see the photo of  Marg Helgenberger when she was on Fremont Street filming CSI.
I have to go back and take some more time to see the photos and enjoy the history of the place.
I also need to try their shrimp cocktail just because!
I watched as this new building was being built and wondered what it was going to be.
So far two food places with a third to come.
I received a flier in the mail with coupons for Marco's and decided to use one of them tonight.
I called and ordered a White Cheezy which is listed under their Specialty Pizza section.
It's topped with 4 kinds of cheese including feta and has  onions, bacon, and garlic butter sauce on top.
I ordered the large which is a 14" pizza.
The person who took my ordered said it would be about 13 to 15 minutes and I drove the mile and a half to pick up the pie.
It was almost done.
I paid and then brought the pie home.
It was large enough to serve two (cut into 6 slices), and there's one slice left for morning.
This will be my "hearty meal" before going to give platelets.
The pizza was good.
It had a taste from the feta that made it different from other pizzas I've gotten.
There was a fair amount of oil on the cardboard box but the pizza itself didn't taste oily.
The restaurant serves other things and they make pizzas that you build the way you want.
This is a national franchise with several locations in Las Vegas.
Not the best pizza I've had but not bad either.
This is an approximately one hour show that mixes magic with some music.
It's on the second floor of the Hooters Hotel & Casino.
It is NOT in the Night Owl Showroom on the main casino floor.
The venue is small and intimate.
Where to sit for best viewing depends on what you do.
If you opt for the upgrade to a Hooter's dinner between 6 and 7, you will be seated at one of the three VIP tables that are in the front of the low stage.
Then comes four or five rows of regular chairs, and finally there are some high top tables behind those.
If you do not get the meal, I recommend you take one of the hightop tables.
I was in the second row, aisle, of normal chairs behind the VIP tables and there was one section of the show (the levitation) where I could not see what was happening because of the low level of the stage, the piano put more to the rear of the stage, and the heads in front of me at the VIP seats.
Some of the time my seat was OK but many times it was not.
As for the show, the two men are genial, sometimes funny, but not belly laugh funny, and they do some standard magic tricks.
I guess since I've lived in Las Vegas for so many years and have seen so many magic shows, there's nothing new except a different twist on an old trick.
I did like the Beethoven switch part.
The show ended with Metamorphosis, which though not invented by Houdini, was made famous by him when Houdini did the trick with his wife.
Once you know the secret of the trick, it's a matter of practice to get as fast as you can.
The two men have obviously been practicing a lot because they pulled off Metamorphosis in a quick manner.
There is some interplay between Jarrett and Raja over playing the piano (Raja) versus magic (Jarrett).
There were a couple of times I wish I was able to listen to Raja more but it's like a comedy routine where the one keeps interrupting when the other one wants to do their thing.
An A-OK show but not a show I'd see again.
After my lunch, it was time for dessert so I went to Ghirardelli for a sundae.
There's $1 off any sundae with a Yelp check in.
When I saw the Ocean Beach.
The menu describes it likes this: Vanilla ice cream smothered with creamy caramel, freshly homemade hot fudge and sea salt.
Perfectly topped with whipped cream, creamy caramel, sea salt and a Ghirardelli SQUARES® Milk Chocolate.
Once I saw salt, I stopped reading and knew this was the one.
I ordered, paid, and had a seat while the sundae was being made.
Within a few minutes, the sundae was brought to me in a plastic cup and the server held out a long plastic spoon being careful not to touch the spoon part.
The sundae was very good and they did not spare the sea salt which is what I  liked about the combination.
The cup is not the most convenient way to eat this sundae and the spoon was a bit flimsy.
The cup had chocolate on the bottom and the ice creamed packed in had almost solidified that part of the chocolate.
Don't give up and don't despair.
Push that flimsy spoon to its limit and get every bit of chocolate goodness out of the bottom of that cup.
I found that I liked their previous location near Harrahs better.
The sundaes were in different containers and there was more to them.
These sundaes are smaller and more expensive,  This won't be I'll stop I probably won't make again!
I have been to the Polish Deli twice and I got the same thing twice.
It's a Friday in Lent and my wife observes meatless Fridays.
What to make.
I was coming from Big 5 Sporting Goods and when I saw the Polish Deli, I got over to the right lane and turned in here.
A quick perusal of the freezer case and I found the pierogis.
I chose the potato cheese because I'm not fond of the other flavors.
I have never had one of the fruit flavored ones, but I'm sure they'd be OK for dessert especially deep fried.
There is a nice selection of Polish sausages on the counter behind.
I need to stop back and get some of their kielbasa.
It looks so much better than the stuff you see in grocery stores.
Service was pleasant and quick.
The shop is small and questions are answered very politely.
As a side note, this brand of pierogi, Alexandra's, was quite good.
Some fried onions in lots of butter and the pierogis baked for awhile, made a great meal.
I need to stop in here more often.
Is it me or is Denny's now mostly for gray hairs like me?
The food is aimed at the older market and even the music is appealing to me.
I rate this 2  1/2 stars.
We stopped here for a quick meal after visiting a friend in the hospital and I had to be home, change, and to downtown Las Vegas for a play at the Las Vegas Academy.
Denny's fit the bill.
I had a chicken breast with two sides.
Small meal and it was quite tasty.
The staffing was awful.
One waitress for all the tables.
That's not acceptable and one reason why the star count isn't a full 3.
I came to Bouchon last night for their Bastille Day special menu.
It was a grand meal.
I was brought their pain d'epi with some butter and the small bowl of pistachios.
I love this bread and I have to take care I don't overdo it.
My server was Amy and she was a gem!!
I asked her about the size of the Bastille Day menu dishes and she explained they were all appetizer size.
I ordered a half dozen oysters, an order of pommes frites aux truffes, and The Saucisson platter.
The oysters came 2 each of three different areas from which they were harvested.
Next up was the sausage assortment that came on a board.
There was one horizontally sliced piece of their bratwurst on a small bed of sauerkraut, 2 rounds of Merguez, a slice of garlic sausage en croute, and one link of their boudin blanc.
The sausages were accompanied by some whole grain mustard, some yellow mustard, a couple of cornichons, and some pickled onion slices and other small vegetables pieces.
With the platter, I was brought more bread (3 kinds), and then came the pommes frites.
It was a feast.
The sausages were all very good.
It would be a fantastic platter to serve any day but this is special for Bastille Day.
After this, I ordered Chocolate Bouchons for dessert.
These were one of their dessert specials for the night.
I didn't see macarons as was stated online when I read about their special menu for the day.
The Bouchons were small, vertical brownies with a small scoop of ice cream with coconut, one fresh cheerry dipped in chocolate and chilled before serving.
There was also some raspberry syrup on the plate.
The Bouchons were great.
I have an affair with Bouchon.
I have been there several times and I just like the bistro atmosphere and looking out the window and seeing that lovely park area with pools on the 10th floor of the building that's so private and away from the rest of the Venetian/Venezia/Palazzo Resort.
Bouchon has been the place I've reviewed the most.
It's one of those places that just puts a smile on my face and I look forward to going there.
Service is always first rate and the food is very good.
I think I have a new Bastille Day tradition that started last night!
I go to the Albertson's almost every day to get my Starbucks coffee.
There's no wifi, but I don't care.
I go for the faster service rather than wait at the standalone Bucky's nearer to Charleston.
The baristas at this Starbuck's are always very pleasant, lots of fun to chat with, and they remember my order.
How could they forget?
It's also a place where I have quiet time after the gym to savor my coffee and read the Los Angeles Times.
Ah, it makes my mornings!
This is also the Albertson's I usually go to for groceries.
A great bunch of folks in the entire store for the most part.
Can Mexican restaurants not course their service properly?
This is the second in two weeks when I was enjoying my appetizer when my main course was brought.
Next time, I'll order my courses separately.
I had a reservation for 5 PM and arrived about 3 minutes early.
I was seated in the section away from the far and closest to the casino.
The artwork of lucha libre wrestlers is quite different and it's colorful even if you don't know what it's about.
I was promptly brought the iced tea I ordered and I studied the menu for a minute or two.
My server, brittany--a delightful woman--came by and asked if I had any questions.
When I asked about the meatballs as an appetizer for one person, she explained that it would be fine.
She showed me the size of the meatballs using her fingers and I went with that.
I ordered the chicken machacados for my main course.
In a short time, a runner brought the meatballs.
As I was eating the second one, another runner came with my main course.
What is wrong with this picture?
I finished the meatballs and then enjoyed the chicken.
The chicken consisted of pounded, grilled chicken breasts with a tomatillo sauce and poblano chilis.
A very flavorful dish.
Lest one think that I was taking so many photos and spending too much time on my phone, here's the data.
I was seated just about 5 PM.
I was finished with my appetizer and main course at 5:23.
That's much too fast.
I don't want to wait a half hour for my food, but with a restaurant that wasn't full and had no waiting line, this was ridiculous.
For dessert--ordered separately after the dishes were cleared--I got the churro ice cream sandwich.
It was made with two pieces of churro with vanilla gelato in the middle.
There was a small container of melted chocolate which made the dessert richer.
It was quite good.
To put the time in context, I had from the above mentioned 5:23 until 5:45 when I left to order my dessert, pay the check, and leave.
There was more time with the last part of the meal than any other time.
It's a shame because the food is good and my server was good.
This is so close to being a 2 star review for the run on service with the appetizer and the main course.
If I come back, I'll order each course separately and space it myself.
Edit:  In my review, I forgot to mention the generous amount of complimentary salsa and chips brought shortly after you're seated in Libre.
I especially liked the wide nature of the bowl of salsa because it makes dipping a chips easy.
It's so much easier than small containers some places use.
I was in the area after getting my car serviced and I needed to pick up a couple of things for my wife.
Siri led me here.
Almost all Walmarts are the same unless they're older one.
I found what I needed quickly, went to one of the quick checkout lanes that had NO ONE in line, and I was out the door in no time whatsoever.
Not bad.
The woman who checked me out was very pleasant.
I'd come back here if I happened to be in the area and needed something but it's the opposite side of the valley from where I live.
I watched as this restaurant opened after the previous restaurant closed and when I found out it was an Indian/Mediterranean one, I was anxious to give it a try.
I stopped in for a late dinner a few nights ago.
The meal was good.
I was surprised when I saw an Indian restaurant serving a beef curry stew but I realized the Northern Indian cuisine and the Middle Eastern might be the reason for this.
I ordered the Nihari which the menu describes as a ... "traditional spicy beef curry, another royalty from India."
With it, I got an order of garlic naan and some iced tea.
On a spiciness level of 1 to 10, I ordered 8.
After ordering, you take a seat and put one of the posts holding your number so they know which table to deliver the food.
While waiting, I got my iced tea from a separate room where the fountain drinks and iced tea were kept.
The wait was no that long and it gave me a chance to get some photos of the interior.
When the dinner came, it was on a school-like lunch tray.
The nihari was in an aluminum foil 'bowl' and the naan was on the side.
In addition, the curry came with some thinly sliced ginger and some jalapeño slices.
The utensils were plastic.
The nihari was very tasty and nicely spiced.
I did dump all the ginger and jalapeño into the stew and it certainly cleared my sinuses before I was finished.
The naan didn't have much of a garlic flavor, but it was fresh and hot and made a good soaker for some of the curry.
A couple of things come to mind when reviewing Lazeez.
I really dislike paying normal restaurant prices to eat as if I'm in a school cafeteria.
Plastic utensils, get your own drinks, aluminum foil bowls--these are all the things that detracted from what was some good food.
If I were to return, it would be for takeout.
At least I'd have proper utensils.
A couple of other things.
I asked what came with the meal and the person at the register said just rice.
There was never any rice.
The online menu shows the dish with naan.
I was charged for naan.
Maybe that was an additional charge because of the garlic naan.
The restaurant is strange.
When you walk in, you have a choice of two ways to go--one through the beverage area which looks like it may be bar seating in the future or you can go to your left and past some tables to get into the place.
Walking straight ahead will take you into a divider which is an odd setup.
There are two distinct eating areas and they're completely different.
I can't figure out who designed the interior but I might have been able to do better.
I'm not sure how much the previous place figures in its current design but it is odd.
Altogether it was good food which was detracted by the way it's served especially that damned, little plastic spoon.
Oh, and spend a little extra and get some decent napkins instead of giving a customer 5 of thin small diner ones.
I stopped here yesterday to use a Groupon that was expiring soon.
The restaurant is a small area but quite cozy and pleasant.
Instead of chips and salsa, they bring you a nice basket of fried tortillas and bean dip with a small bowl of a little spicy salsa.
You break the tortillas as you want and dip.
I ordered the soup of the day which was chicken tortilla soup.
It was a tomato based soup with lots of cheese and real chicken with nice tortilla strips.
It was a thicker soup-quite flavorful and something I'd get again.
A bowl of this soup in the winter would be great!
For my main course, I got the Chicken Sarandeado, a grilled chicken breast with their "special spices."
With the platter came rice, pico, some guacamole, and refried beans.
This was another tasty dish for Super Mex.
For dessert, I got the fried ice cream.
It didn't appear as if this ice cream had ever been near a fryer but it was good.
It was simply a ball of vanilla ice cream that had been rolled in a small amount of coating and then frozen.
It was placed in a sweetened tortilla basket and decorated with whipped cream, and some strawberry and chocolate syrup.
Mind you, it was a decadent ending to my meal, but it was not fried as far as I could tell.
I was tempted to give the place 4 stars but I had one BIG hangup with the service.
For the most part, it was very good.
However, I had just started to eat my soup when a server appeared with my main course and set it down.
Why do you do this?
It seems to happen more in Tex-Mex places than anywhere else.
Cabo at Red Rock was notorious for this.
Can't they do courses like a normal restaurant?
One of the members of our hiking group came here a few times during Octoberfest for lunch and she convinced the group we should do this.
Knowing our hiking group, going somewhere for lunch after hiking is not a hard sell at all so we put this on our to do list.
We got there before they opened at 11 AM.
As soon as they opened, the 9 of us were shown to a long table in the main room with high, arched ceiling.
The set up consists of long wooden benches at long wooden tables.
Our server was Angela and she was terrific!
First drinks.
I got iced tea and my tea along with others who had been or soda were brought quickly.
Our orders were then taken.
I wanted to get something somewhat German.
My only experience with German food had been at Luchows in New York City many years ago.
I was never overly fond of German food despite it being half my heritage.
I got the wurstplatte, a sampling of three German sausages--a Vienna style frank, and one pork and one chicken sausage.
They were served on a bed of mashed potatoes topped with sauerkraut and served with a spicy onion mustard.
The sausages were OK--nothing outstanding--but OK.
The sauerkraut on top of the mashed potatoes was something knew for me but the two went together well.
I was surpirsed at how much of the mustard was gone when I was finished with the sausages.
Maybe I overdid it a bit so the sausages had a bit more flavor?
I was the only one to get dessert.
I got the Black Forest cake at Angela's suggestion and this was so good that it would be reason to stop in here sometime when I wanted a good dessert.
Creamy and very flavorful, it was a perfect ending to the meal.
And, the hiker who suggested we come here was the only one who got a taste of my dessert.
My question to the Hofbrauhas is, "Why serve this piece of cake with 4 forks?
Do you think I'm going to share?"
No way!!
Service was very good!
I will make a return visit some time and try a different dish but I'll go for lunch rather than in the evening when it will be loud with many beer drinkers banging their glasses and pretending to be in Munich.
They are closed indefinitely!!
Oh, the horror!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/heavens-cookie-and-creations-las-vegas-2?select=V52AO_nM0rRzljkY-VoqQA#ikwRckwfRFLXpLgmAerg3g
OK, so I saw this show again on July 12th.
What can I say?
The show is very good, it has great music, it's a fine tribute to Elvis, and there are some good acrobatics in the show, too!
I saw the show with a group of Yelpies.
Since I was the most senior Yelpie there who lived and remembers the years when Elvis was performing, I was anxious to gauge the group's reaction to different segments of the show.
Most appeared to like what I do, but perhaps with a bit less enthusiasm than me.
Sure this isn't your traditional Cirque show, but what is?
Every Cirque show, and I've seen them all more than once (well I'd never put myself though Believe a second time), is different.
Each has its own blend of dance, music, and acrobatics.
As Cirque has matured in Las Vegas, it has placed a bit less emphasis on the circus like part of Cirque to the artistic, musical, dance part of Cirque.
That's neither good nor bad--it's change.
The one lame part of this show is the aerial pas de deux used as a scene changer.
I have thought this was out of place from show one, but if they leave it in, that's OK too.
Any time you have a group of performers dressed smartly and signing Viva Las Vegas, you've got me hooked.
I didn't volunteer here as many of the reviewers did.
I came here to bring a large bag of pull tops from can tops.
The Ronald McDonald House gets money from a recycler for these aluminum pull tabs.
The woman at the desk was very nice and I filled out the donation form for her.
If you can save your pull tops like this and drop them off, there are little boxes in different establishments around town.
Every one helps.
I like what this house does for the families of children in hospitals and it's a pleasure to help them out.
This is a review for the West Las Vegas Library Theatre.
The theatre is similar to those at several libraries in Clark County.
It is a proscenium stage with seating for approximately 200.
I have been to the theatre several times because this is the home for the Las Vegas Contemporary Dance Theatre which generally has two shows per year--a spring and fall show.
The lobby for the theatre is somewhat small, but it's sufficient for the size of the theatre.
I have been to Callville Marina 10 or so times.
We often stop here when we've been hiking in this area of Lake Mead.
There is a really nice, newly renovated, picnic area with bathrooms as you enter the marina area.
This is where we have what we call 'Guinness Time.'
I've been to the store a few times and I have found the staff to be friendly and helpful.
This is a good place to stop if you're doing a tour of the Lake Mead area and you want to have a snack or buy a drink.
The view is great.
The only sad thing is to look at how low the lake level is.
This is now the northernmost marina open on the lake.
The two that were north of here closed because of low water.
How often do you get to be a pastry chef for awhile at a nice restaurant?
Well I was one tonight.
More on that later.
We always overlook going to Nove because of its out of the way location so it was on our must try list and was it a good decision.
We were brought iced teas quickly and they were refilled often during the night.
Then came bread service.
It was three kinds--cheese bread sticks, focaccia, and Italian bread.
We also got a dish with three potential bread toppings and for use during the meal--one container with olive oil, one with red pepper flakes, and one with grated cheese.
One of the runners brought us an amuse-bouche--two small bruschetta with freshly chopped tomatoes.
A nice palate awakener for what was to come.
For a starter, we order their salumi plate.
Our server, Alex, assured us it could be shared by two people.
The menu said that it was a selection of cured meats and red pizza.
Well, that sounded fine.
What came was almost a meal in itself.
Four kinds of cured meat, parmigiano cheese, and some fresh ricotta.
That wooden server was placed in front of us and then they placed a wood plate with red pizza.
Wow!
So much!
Cured meat platter:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nove-italiano-las-vegas?select=6aIiYFgxeFfOKehGuLTmhw#rfBs4_87H9DVi5r3o0E_9A

Red Pizza:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nove-italiano-las-vegas?select=6aIiYFgxeFfOKehGuLTmhw#a_Kw4-9-qjX9ROujm1IhHg

We also had another three compartment dish with mustard, olives, and pickled vegetables.
This was really starting to add up in the stomach and we hadn't gotten to the main course.
Everything was excellent.
We had to let two small pieces of pizza go back with the dishes.
For the main course, my wife got the Veal Nove which the menu describes as thinly sliced Scaloppine, Prosciutto, Arugula, and Lemon.
I tried a small piece and it was very, very good.
I ordered a special--lobster ravioli with a seafood sauce similar to lobster bisque.
It was superb!
There was a small amount of veal leftover and Alex and his crew quickly boxed it for bringing home.
Now comes my pastry chef experience.
One of their desserts is Make Your Own Cannoli.
You get 5 small sized shells, a small, plastic pastry bag filled with the luscious cream that goes inside the cannoli, and a dish with nine compartments for dipping the ends of the cannoli.
The compartments had raspberry sauce, chocolate syrup, chocolate chips, coconut, butterscotch, toffee, pistachio, and chopped peanuts.
If you're counting and only got 8, it's because two of the wells had raspberry syrup.
Tubes and pastry bag:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nove-italiano-las-vegas?select=6aIiYFgxeFfOKehGuLTmhw#sq32kg1eMJezCQzW7W2dTg

Dipping dish:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nove-italiano-las-vegas?select=6aIiYFgxeFfOKehGuLTmhw#uKRzAlaK3OKmX0AXS_L4cA

Like my Yelp friends who work at Jean Philippe at Aria, I wielded that pastry bag like a surgeon uses his scalpel.
In no time whatsoever, I had completed my first cannoli with one side dipped in raspberry.
Success:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nove-italiano-las-vegas?select=6aIiYFgxeFfOKehGuLTmhw#YFbqugc1i6Yt0wd4ibBihw

My wife, who hasn't been a fan of cannoli before tonight, ate three of them which left me with just two and I did all the work myself.
That's gratitude I'll tell you.
That dessert was fun and it's a clever menu item!
Service was excellent!
Alex and crew were always there to help, removed dirty plates, chat a bit, and do everything as well as they could which was very good!
The view, while not as good as Alizé, is not bad.
I had a view of the original Palms Tower and being a local, I was studying the streets to figure out where the things in the area I know were located.
This was a very pleasant dinner!
I know I'll be back!
Oh, and I'll be calling Jean Philippe in the morning to check about pastry chef openings.
I met two friends for dinner.
I have been wanting to try Ramsay's BurGR for some time but never got around to it.
I ordered the chanterelle burger, rare, and an order of truffle parmesan fries.
The two friends got different burgers and another order of the same fries and we shared both orders of fries.
Service was good.
There was a wait for our burgers, but it was quite alright as it gave us time to catch up.
We hadn't seen each other in about 10 years.
A lot of water under the bridge.
The food arrived and it was cooked the way I like it, juicy, red, and very tasty.
The brioche bun was perfect for the burger.
The truffle parmesan fries are a wonderful accompaniment.
I also got an iced tea and it was refilled a couple of times without me having to ask.
We skipped dessert because we had a good amount of food between the burger and the fries.
I'm definitely a fan of Ramsay's burger joint.
***  This review is for the Jim 3 House of Performing Arts ***

I've been to Bishop Gorman several times to see shows in the Jim 3 House of performing Arts.
The Jim 3 entrance is directly across from the stadium entrance.
The performing arts center has both an auditorium for large productions and a smaller black box theatre.
The seating in the main theatre is classic high school auditorium.
There is a proscenium stage and the seating is arranged in three sections, left, center, and right--standard seating for many theatres.
Seating is comfortable.
If I had any quibble with the auditorium it would be that I think the pitch of the seating should be a greater degree to ensure better viewing when you have a tall, big hair person, or inconsiderate jerk who sits there with a hat (oh there are more jerks than you think, male and female).
Last night, I attended a production of Stephen Sondheim's "Into the Woods."
The lighting in the theatre was well designed.
Most of it is above the first few rows in a ceiling area, and it's very much out of the way and unseen.
Sound in the theatre is great!
Actors could be heard easily whether speaking in low volume or above.
I really like the theatre and hope to see many more productions here.
If you watched Paul Lynde on TV--especially Hollywood Squares--where he was the center square from 1968 to 1981 and you liked his camp style, you'll like this show.
Michael Airington recently started this afternoon show at Bally's Windows Showroom and he has all the mannerisms of Lynde down to a capital T!
For this show, the host of Hollywood Squares--Peter Marshall--did voiceovers of questions that were asked of Lynde during the run as the center square.
Airington delivers the answers as campy and snarky as Paul Lynde did during that time.
The show has a three piece band directed by Keith Thompson--lately of Jersey Boys at Paris Las Vegas--that backs up Airington in some songs that he does.
During the show, one learns a fair amount about the life of Lynde and his show business career.
All this is done without ever breaking character.
There is one time when two people from the audience come on stage, but it's harmless fun and no one is embarrassed.
If you know Lynde and want to relive some of his very funny answers on the Squares or anything else, you need to go see Maichael Airington at Bally's.
Dr. Doubrava is my eye care specialist.
He is an excellent physician.
I have been here for several yearly exams, and I stop in more often than I should because I'm always doing something to break, damage, or otherwise inhibit the lifespan of my glasses.
This is usually a hiking induced problem.
The office has a registered optometrist, Melissa, and she is top notch.
She has come to my rescue on many occasions.
In short, Dr. Doubrava's office is a one stop place for my eye care.
I appreciate him and the staff and will continue to stop here.
I drove a neighbor here today for pre-admission paperwork and testing.
The place is very pleasant, but boy were they slow.
We were there for two hours!
I'm glad I had my iPhone.
The birds were really angry at me for bashing their little bodies into various objects, but it passed the time.
The place seemed very quiet.
For a hospital, it's OK.
A three star Apple Store review from me--wow, who would have thought?
I stopped in here Monday only to find the same kind of line that Christine A described.
After about standing for 10 minutes, an employee came down the line and asked what phone I wanted, the 6 or the 6 Plus.
I didn't know so I was told I could go in the store, look, decide, and come back out and make my reservation.
I just told her I'd go to Town Square at which time she pointed out that there'd be a line there too.
She advised me to come early.
Yesterday, I went back about 10 minutes before opening and I was third in line.
When the store opened, I went in and looked at both and made my decision.
I then came out and told her which model I wanted.
There was another wait until it was my time to purchase.
Next up was the person who brought the phone to me and went through the trade in of the old one and the purchase of the new one.
Then I was taken to the setup table where I was handed off to a third person who got me started on the setup process, most of which I did on my own but he was around so I could ask a question when I needed to.
The slowest part of the whole thing was the wait for the backup from the cloud to load all my apps from the old phone.
After two hours at the store, I was done and left with my purchase.
I wasn't offered nor given a bag.
It was, "Awesome, you're done!"
I understand that the iPhone 6 is very popular as was the 5 when it came out.
It seems like they've made this process unnecessarily circuitous,  Also, when I arrived Monday, there was no one around to explain why the line nor what one was supposed to do.
I have to give the employees kudos for their service for the most part.
But Apple, please tell your youngsters that buying an iPhone is not awesome.
I think I heard the word at least once in every other sentence from all three employees with whom I dealt.
The Grand Canyon is awesome.
An iPhone is nice, great, but please, go easy on the awesome!
I'm glad the store is so close to my home--just about 3/4 mile.
Since I've had an Apple computer and successors since 1984, I will be back.
I love their products.
Finally, when I left yesterday, there was no line.
The store has been open less than a week so I suppose that I was just in the midst of the rush.
But I should have gone to Town Square Monday.
I've hiked the Bonanza Trail twice and don't plan to do it again.
It's a strenuous hike of about 10 miles round trip to the summit and back.
To get to the trailhead, you have to drive US 95 north past the two roads that lead to Kyle and lee Canyons at Mount Charleston.
You turn left where the sign says Cold Creek.
The road goes between the two prisons along US 95.
Drive west about 10 miles to the village of Cold Creek.
The last section of the road is rough and it's best to have a high clearance vehicle.
There is a parking area at the trailhead and a group camping area.
From here, you go cross a meadow for about a half a mile to get to the first of many, many switchbacks.
One website says there are 80 switchbacks.
The elevation gain makes the hiking tough.
Part way up the switchbacks, you'll come to an old burn area and you can see how the forest has tried to recover.
None of the large trees are growing much and it will take a long time.
After what seems an interminable hike, you reach the saddle.
From the saddle, the trail heads south in the direction of Mount Charleston.
The Bristlecone Trail in Lee Canyon is only 8 miles down the trail.
As you start toward the limestone peak to the left of the trail, there is a small use trail that goes to the peak.
If you get to the cairn in one of my photos, you've gone a little too far but you can get to the summit from there.
From the saddle, as the trail heads south, find a spot where you can head to the left and get on top of the limestone cliffs.
If you go left too soon, you'll have a climb up the cliffs.
If you stay more to the right, you'll be able to get to the summit without any climbing.
I used my GPS unit to find the summit.
Once at the summit, it's time for a well deserved rest and a chance to enjoy the view.
Find the ammo box and sign the register.
There is cell phone coverage for almost the entire hike so doing it alone is not a problem.
After your rest, retrace your steps.
This is a different trail for another reason.
It's one of the few trails I hike in the Spring Mountains that you can see the parking lot for a good part of the hike.
That's interesting but not essential information.
I would not recommend this hike on a windy day.
The  winds at the summit can be fierce and you'll be fighting your way up the mountain.
If you do this hike, take plenty of water, wear good hiking boots, and a GPS unit for finding the summit is always a good idea.
Happy hiking!
I had the $19 prix fixe lunch today (5/14/10).
It was excellent!
I started with the onion tart and salad.
Main course was the couscous.
For dessert, I had the George V, a dark chocolate pastry filled with vanilla and chocolate mousse, topped with peanuts and over a black sacher biscuit.
It was delightful.
You can't go wrong with this lunch.
I really liked the small restaurant.
I'm glad to say that this is now the home of the Majestic Repertory Theatre.
It is no longer a part time theatre by night and a gallery during the day.
I exchanged online messages with the director of Majestic and he confirmed that it was a theatre only--home to Majestic Repertory.
I have been to four productions in this theatre.
It is minimal but that allows the directors to taper performance area and seating to be suit the particular production.
There has been a musical like Little Shop of Horrors and a drama--The Bad Seed.
The director of the company has three more shows during the season already planned and there will be more in between as with last nights presentation by UNLV's African American Student Association of Theatre and Film.
It is so good that this new company has a home.
Go see some theatre.
Support the arts!
BTW, the address is 1217 not 1219 that my phone's GPS unit picked up last night when I entered the business.
I came to Louis Vuitton to see the permanent art exhibit of James Turrell called Akhob.
The art installation is on the 4th floor of the Louis Vuitton store.
The exhibit is open through a reservation process described in the Las Vegas City Life article and phone number mentioned in the review by Jeremy S.

On entering the store about 15 minutes early for my appointment time, I was met by an associate who gave me a tour of the store to pass the time until my appointment.
I saw two items of historical significance to the company including a steamer case made in 1911 by the company.
We then went to the second floor and I got the chance to see a gaming chest with a roulette wheel on top, cards and chips in various drawers, and a felt layout for roulette.
I believe there was also a felt layout for blackjack and craps also.
There are only two of these gaming chests in the world, this one in Las Vegas and one at their store in Macau.
Then we went to the floor where the Turrell exhibit is.
It's not an exhibit as it's an experience.
You are asked to sign a form regarding liability--a waiver if you will.
The women at the installation are very pleasant and very knowledgable.
After talking about the experience, they take you into the adjoining room where you take off your shoes and put on surgical type booties.
There are ten steps to get to the entrance to the first of two arched chambers.
She walks you forward to the front chamber.
There's a small step between the two chambers.
I had been told that they would not speak to me unless I spoke to them.
I remained silent but I found it hard to stop wondering how it all was being done.
Suffice it to say, it's not the kind of art experience you'd be familiar with.
It all involves light and tricking the eyes into seeing the colors that Turrell wants you to see.
During the approximate 20 minute cycle of colors you experience two periods that would remind you of a white out condition in a snowstorm or being in a fogged in area.
At the end, I had several questions and the lead interpreter was very capable answering.
I found where the alarm was located and set it off (no Metro officers were called).
I think it would have been better if I had asked questions during the process rather than at the end, and I would have enjoyed it more if I had someone else with me to bounce questions/reactions off of.
This is worth a stop.
There are only three Turrell creations like this in the world all made for the Vuitton company.
It's a fun experience.
Make sure you ask a ton of questions and make sure you read about the Ganzfeld Effect before you go.
If not, they'll explain it to you.
At the end of the experience, one of the kind ladies escorts you downstairs in the elevator and leaves you to go about your way.
This review is for their showroom only.
I came here to see the Dirty Joke Show which I always seemed to miss when it was at Hooters or later when Geechy Guy went to the Rio.
It's a really "intimate" showroom.
To understand that joke, you have to attend the Dirty Joke Show.
There were three comics who did their comedy from this small stage with has some funny, alley props.
There's also a door going off the stage that'a a prop that I was watching to see if it fell over.
Beverage service was very good in the showroom.
All seating is with high top bar stools.
The Windmill Library is one of the newest in the Las Vegas-Clark County Library System.
It is a beautiful building both inside and out.
I came here yesterday for a play being performed in their auditorium.
The auditorium is large with comfortable seats that all have side boards for lifting up and putting in place to take notes if you were at a meeting or lecture.
The auditorium is directly to your right as you come in the front door.
After the play, I looked around the library to spend some time in their art gallery and to see the book area.
The book area is open and filled with light.
It's a very nice space.
The only question I had was the entrance.
Parking is both east and west of the main entrance to accommodate the double driveway with its book return area.
It seems like a waste of some extra parking spaces but then I'm not an architect nor traffic planner.
On leaving, you can only make a right on Windmill from the area of the lot I left and there's no u-turn allowed when the island ends.
Instead, I went a little more west and made a U well past the no U turn sign.
Oops, Metro cars returning to their headquarters across the street from the library.
They didn't see me.
I guess the shift was over.
Check this library out if you're in the area.
It is a gem!
Note:  The free wifi didn't seem all that active and I finally turned it off.
This is a moderate, 3 mile round trip hike in the Conservation Area.
You get to the trailhead by driving the Scenic Drive about halfway.
Between Mile 7 and 8 on the drive, there's a side road that turns off to the right.
There is a sign saying Willow Springs Picnic Area and Lost Creek Children's Discovery Trail a couple of hundred feet before the road.
Turn right onto this road and go to the end where the fencing is at the picnic area.
From here, start hiking west on a dirt road that goes by an Indian roasting pit, down into a wash, and back up.
On the other side of the wash, Rocky Gap Road (a 4x4 road that's very bad) goes off to your left.
For La Madre Springs, turn right and follow the signs to the Springs.
The trail is a busy one at Red Rock so you most likely won't be hiking alone.
There is an elevation gain, and you may need to stop and catch your breath.
Also, the trail is not smooth.
For a fair amount of the trail, you're walking on some good size gravel and rocks, so take care as you hike along.
After a while, you'll come to a side trail, the White Rock Loop Trail, that goes off to your right.
DON'T take this trail.
That's for another day.
Keep going straight ahead.
You'll come to some concrete pads.
This was once used by an archery club.
Eventually you come to a small concrete dam that is La Madre Springs.
The dam was built by an owner of the property years ago to store water for animals.
This is technically the end of the hike.
To make it more interesting, you can walk along the creek that runs into the dam and follow a well used trail that leads to some small waterfalls.
The trail continues beyond here into the mountains, but I don't recommend this unless you're with someone who has done this trail.
It can be a bit muddy in a couple of places, you have to cross the creek a couple of times, and the footing gets poor.
It's best to explore just past the dam and then re-trace your steps to the parking area.
If you bring a cooler, the Willow Springs Picnic Area is a great place to have a sandwich and drink before driving back to Las Vegas.
Happy hiking!
I first hiked the Lone Mountain Trail in 2005 and I have just driven by on my way to other hikes until today.
Our Las Vegas city gym was closed because of Labor Day so a friend from the gym and I decided to do the relatively short Lone Mountain hike.
Except for the humidity of the monsoon season, the morning was perfect for hiking.
The hike is in what I refer to as three sections--Levels 1, 2, and 3.
Level 1 is at the first landing, the first saddle, where there's a bench for taking a rest and enjoying the view.
For some people, that's as far as they go and that's OK.

From here, the trail goes up wonderful limestone rock for the most part with a minimum of gravel or scree of any kind.
At the end of this section, you arrive at what I refer to as Level 2.
From here, it's one more push until you get to the top and you can fully enjoy the views of the Las Vegas Valley.
Looking south, you see Summerlin and Red Rock Canyon, to the west the Spring Mountains, the the north the Las Vegas Range with Gass Peak and the Sheep Mountains beyond, and finally to the eats you get views of the resorts along the Strip and Frenchman Mountain on the east side of the valley.
Find a not too sharp area at the top, have a snack and some good conversation, and then return the way you came.
You can come to the peak by either the east or south sides but that should be reserved for experienced hikers because the drops can be fatal if you slip and fall.
The easiest access to the trail is to take the 215 and get off at Cliff Shadows Parkway.
Go north on Cliff Shadows to Alexander Road, make a right and head east to vegas Vista Trail which is the last street before Lone Mountain.
Head north of Vegas Vista and there's a parking area at the end of the street where they've put some concrete barricades.
From here, the way is very evident to the trail.
PS:  Be on the lookout for bees.
They are generally more active in the spring but it pays to watch where you're walking.
In May of 2012, a man was stung continually as he was going to the peak.
It was estimated that he was stung about 300 times.
He was able to dial 911 from the peak and was rescued by helicopter and survived after being in bad shape for several days.
There used to be a sign warning about Africanized bees, but it is now missing.
Just be alert!
Happy hiking!
I have read a lot about the trails in Bootleg Canyon and I have crossed some of them when hiking to Red and Black Mountains from the St. Jude Ranch side of the mountains.
I was looking for some new hiking places and I checked in a book given to me about the best bike rides in Las Vegas.
It turns out that several of them were for Bootleg Canyon and I decided to do the Outer Caldera Loop Trail.
Entrance to the canyon is from Canyon Road in Boulder City.
As you go up the road, there are two traffic circles.
The second one has a metal mountain bike sculpture and the 35 mile River Mountain Trail passes one of the circles.
There are bathrooms at the small park and this is a trailhead for some of the trails in this section of the canyon.
The historical marker in my photos tells how the canyon got its name.
This is a wonderful area for outdoor activities on foot or wheels (non-motorized).
The geology is very colorful and interesting.
I've had the need on two occasions to come to this office.
Both times were quite easy and I avoided the lines by having an appointment that I made over the phone.
In that case, you can skip the line outside and go directly to the window and someone will call your name at the appointment time.
The only problem I had this time was the parking.
There are so many people at the office that you have to keep circling until you see someone backing out and you lay claim to that spot.
The two staff members with whom I interacted--several years apart--were knowledgeable, pleasant, and efficient at their jobs.
I had the good fortune to try some of Weeziana's gumbo when I was at Campus Commons for our CMYE Reverse Spring Break.
At that time, I got a container of chicken gumbo to take home (my wife won't do seafood).
Yesterday, in a funk about what to do for dinner, I thought it was time to go back to the Commons and get some more gumbo.
I got a container of chicken (for my wife) and a container of seafood gumbo (for me).
Their gumbo has a rich flavor with just enough of a spice to give it some good taste.
I don't use hot sauce with their gumbo because I want to taste the great gumbo flavor.
The seafood gumbo had a fair amount of seafood and it was a great meal that I brought home.
This is now a fast food place to go when I want something different and tasty.
Service was excellent!
I am a fan!
After a hard morning of climbing ridges in Arizona, I stopped here just before coming home.
I decided to try their new peach blueberry latte, iced.
Wow!
What a great flavor!
I'll be back for more as the warmer weather heats things up.
This will be a great warm weather refresher!
I decided to go back and give I Love Yogurt another try.
I still don't care for the white interior.
It's a personal taste, and since I don't eat inside that often at any Yogurt place, I can get by this.
I tried the Red Velvet and Pistachio flavors.
I added three toppings--cookie dough chunks, coconut, and mochi.
I was impressed by  both flavors.
They were very flavorful and creamy.
My big problem tonight was there were so many flavors I wanted to try, but I couldn't try all of them.
This means, I'll have to come back.
Since this is about the closest serve yourself frozen yogurt to where I live, I guess that' what I'll have to do.
And, after visiting Pinkberry's in downtown LA this week, I know more than ever why I prefer self-serve rather than we'll do it for you.
Note to fellow Yelpers:  After 3 check ins here, there's a 25% discount.
I think I'll reach that plateau quickly.
I'm glad to see I Love Yogurt has made some changes with their flavors and their operation.
After taking 3 friends to see Sandy Hackett's Rat Pack Show at the Sahara, I passed on the chance to have them buy a buffet dinner at Paris Las Vegas.
Instead, I was off to Lola's in search of some Cajun cuisine and I got it!
I started out with the craw puppies, followed this with the bronzed cat fish with smoked gouda grits and andouille sausage,.
Finally, I had bread pudding for dessert.
Everything was excellent.
Service was a delight, the restaurant is small and quite comfortable, and the food was delicious.
I saved some of my garlic bread to soak up the spicy juices left in the bowl after I finished the cat fish and grits.
I thought it would be unseemly to lick the bowl clean.
Lola came to the table and introduced herself.
She was wearing a Saints blouse.
She's quite a lovely woman.
I will be back!
This has been one of my bookmarks since I first drove by and saw the restaurant and I finally went to try it.
I generally get one of two dishes when I go out for pho and this time I stayed with the Bun Bo Hue.
I did not read the menu to see the pork hock on request and I had forgotten Paolo's review.
The menu states bun bo hue as follows: Hu's signature spicy beef noodle soup served in a slowly simmered lemongrass beef broth, with thick rice noodle, marinated beef shank, pork roll, beef tendon, pork hock (on request), and garnished with onion, cilantro, scallion.
The broth was very rich but there's no way it should have a red pepper by it on the menu.
It is not spicy.
I put all four jalapeño slices in the soup and a fair amount of Sriracha and it still wasn't spicy, but the flavor was good in spite of that.
I sure wish there had been more jalapeño slices.
Service was quick--I was the only person in the restaurant on an early Saturday evening--and the price was average for the size serving.
There was soft guitar (Vietnamese?)
music playing and the name of the artist and album were on the screen.
It made a pleasant experience.
It's a place to which I'll return to try some other things.
I came here with a party numbering about 15 and we ate on the patio where we could shove the tables together and accommodate the group.
I ordered the filet 'o fire, a spicy sandwich with filet slices with chopped tomatoes and spicy chopped peppers.
This is an off menu item that is displayed on their changing photo screen at the registers.
Ordering was quick and after filling my cup with iced tea, I took my number and went outside to wait for the food.
It wasn't a long wait at all.
My earlier review of this place was after they'd been opened for a short time.
I am happy to upgrade my rating based on the competence of the servers with a group as large as ours.
Their training and experience have paid off!
This is my Starbucks when I hike at Lake Mead or In Arizona.
It's convenient in and out even when the traffic to the dam is heavy, and the employees have always been very nice and competent!
There is no drive through which is OK by me.
It's a larger storefront than most Starbuck's with more seating area.
They also have patio seating where you can watch traffic if you're really bored.
I will never pass this Bucky's up if I'm in the area!
I needed to do a ticket run to both the Venetian and the Mirage and I was looking for something new and different for breakfast.
Even though the reviews for Tintoretto have been mixed, I decided to give it a try.
There was no seating available on the patio so I ate inside.
The menu was given to me as soon as I sat down and I was asked about coffee.
They serve Illy coffee and it was quickly brought.
The waiter asked if I wanted cappuccino, espresso, etc.
before I ordered the plain coffee.
I then ordered their Italian omelette.
It's an omelette with Italian sausage and mozzarella cheese topped with red sauce.
It's served with potatoes that have red, yellow, and green pepper pieces.
You also get two slices of toasted Italian bread.
My coffee was refilled twice without asking and service was on point.
This is out of the way for a local but it gave me chance to watch tourists being tourists.
I also got to walk the Grand Canal Shops and look for my friend who is one of the gondoliers.
(I guess you'd call her a gondolette).
An A-OK breakfast.
I stopped here for a light lunch.
I thought I'd order something from the "pickings" section of the menu.
I ordered the garbage fries.
They were very good, lots of peppers and sliced jalapeños, cheese, tomatoes, and sour cream.
Service was good from the servers but not from the kitchen.
It took forever to get the fries--at least 15 minutes.
People who came in after me had sandwiches and fries much sooner than I got mine.
If it were not for the patio eating, this would be a 2 star review, but it's worth a star to watch the tourists go by.
I saw a guy approach a woman and buy her 7 Up scarf for $60.
Tourists.
Amazing!
I don't think I'll return.
It's just not worth it even with the sales you see.
I stopped in at Jerry's for breakfast this morning.
I haven't been here since the 1980s.
In walking through the casino, I was surprised at how much nicer it seemed to me than it did years ago.
Since it was morning, ti wasn't very crowded with people at slots and there wasn;t a lot of smoke to bother me.
I looked at the menu carefully, checked the Yelp reviews, and then ordered huevos rancheros.
I got the eggs over easy and I opted for corn tortillas.
Jerry's was very quiet.
In a short time, my breakfast was brought.
When I ordered, my server asked if I wanted mild or hot salsa.
I chose the hot.
Jerry's doesn't know hot salsa unless someone put the wrong salsa in the small dish she brought.
There was a large serving of refried beans with some taco chips in the beans.
The eggs were done correctly and the entire dish was covered in chopped fresh tomatoes and lettuce shreds.
My server, Mamie, was very pleasant and competent.
She was back quickly with the coffee pot to refill my cup.
The breakfast was large, very filling, and good but there was nothing that would make this stand out above other huevos rancheros I've had.
I would like to go back sometime in the afternoon and get their strawberry ring for dinner.
It looked so good in the front case as did many of the other pastries including GIANT eclairs.
Jerry's is A-OK!
What is it about the Palms buffet that there's always a line when I am going there.
So many people complain about it, you'd think I could walk right in.
Instead, I went once again to the 24/7 Café.
I ordered their prime rib special that comes with vegetable and either mashed or loaded baked potato.
I ordered the beef extra rare and that's the way it came.
Sure, this place isn't Lawry's but the meat was excellent and the potato and broccoli were very good.
For dessert, I got a piece of chocolate cake.
You can't ever pass that up.
I removed one star from my 5 star earlier review because service wasn't that good.
When I first got there, the place was almost empty, and even then, I had to flag down servers for an iced tea refill.
Later when it was much busier, I still had to flag down the server to get my check.
It almost was a casino comp.
I come here once a year to see the Cactus Garden at night with the Christmas lights.
It is such a treat to see.
I also enjoy watching the chocolatiers at work if the factory is running.
Last night, it wasn't.
Last year when I stopped in, I saw them making some Valentine's Day boxes and it was quite interesting.
This is also a good place to take out of town visitors to see the gardens in the daytime even when not decorated.
I am not a fan of the price of the chocolate.
I think it's way overpriced.
Tip #1:  If you go to see the lights and you don't have children, go about 9 PM.
The gardens are open until 10.
At that time, most if not all the little ones have gone home, and you almost have the gardens to yourself.
It's heaven.
Tip #2:  On the way, point out Wayne Newton's house and look at the fin of his jet parked on the other side of the wall.
It looks like something out of a bad Jaws movie.
I have seen Blue Man Group 5 times (once in the poncho section)--the same number of times I've seen Carrot Top.
I say this so you have an idea that I'm an aficionado of good humor or you may think I'm completely nuts.
Who cares?
The Blue Men make me laugh.
I don't think the show has changed very much from when I first saw it at the Luxor to its long stay at the Venetian.
They touch some basic in me from the moment I enter the theatre and watch the moving messages.
There are some parts of the show when I laugh harder than others - I'm glad for the breather - but then it's back to complete insanity.
I imagine that if the Three Stooges did a silent routine wearing blue paint, some of it would be just like what you see during a Blue Man Group show.
The live band is superb!
They are loud, so be prepared.
But, you came to enjoy yourself, didn't you?
So pull your poncho a little closer to you and prepare to have a blast.
This show is great!
After four visits to 8 Noodle Bar, I have to write an update and up the stars to four.
Tonight I had shrimp toast and 5 spice beef soup.
Both were very good.
The shrimp toast consists of rock shrimp, fried egg, water chestnuts, scallions, spicy mayo,  and eel sauce.
An absolute delight and blend of flavors.
The 5 spice beef soup consists of brisket, beef broth, choy sum, udon noodle, cilantro, chili, and lime.
The 5 spice was a wonderful flavoring to the beef broth.
The chefs put the soup bowls in hot water before filling them with broth or noodles.
Service tonight was as good as it always is.
My server was Gerardo and once again, I did not have to ask for an iced tea refill.
My glass was refilled automatically.
Another thing of merit is that they coursed my meal unlike many Asian restaurants.
They waited until my shrimp toast was done and I had a few minutes to just sit.
Then my soup was prepared and served.
That really is a plus.
I enjoy sitting at the bar as I dine solo.
I can watch the cooks do their thing right on the other side and have a show with my meal.
Since this is just a mile from home, I'll be back again.
If the menu had more choices, it could merit an extra star but it is a limited menu because it's a limited space.
What they do, they do very well!
During the Fringe Festival at the nearby Las Vegas Little Theatre, I had time between shows for a dinner break.
Kapit Bahay was recommended to me by a good friend and he didn't mislead.
He said this was the kind of food his mother made and he grew up eating.
That sold me.
I walked in and immediately had a problem because most of the Filipino names were unintelligible to me.
Some things were not marked.
I got a 2 item platter to eat in and I knew I wanted the lechon.
Then I asked the woman what an item was and she told me it was silverfish.
This is a Filipino omelette with fish.
That then became my second dish.
As I was carrying my tray to the table, the woman asled me what kind of soup I wanted.
She decided I should have chicken soup and she filled a styrofoam cup with soup.
The soup was very good.
This was homemade and the broth was rich.
The lechon was a bit dry but I guess I shouldn't expect anything else.
It's a fast food place with the dishes already prepared and in warming trays like a buffet.
Of course it's going to be a bit try.
The skin was very crispy and flavorful and the dipping sauce you get made up for some of the dryness of the lechon.
I had never had the tortang dulong before and I'm glad I tried it.
The fish in the omelette was a good fit.
The omelette could have been hotter--heat lamps only do so much, but it was enjoyable.
Customer service was great!
The woman was being a surrogate sister for me making sure I had my soup with this hearty meal.
The price was certainly right, and the location was perfect!
I have been to the Plaza many times but this year was the first time I went for the New Year festivities on Sunday.
It was $3 to get into the vendors and the entertainment.
It was fun, but I didn't stay around the entertainment too long because it was a warm day and it meant a lot of standing in place which is never fun.
I did a walk around the vendors, got a free shirt and grocery bag from caesars Entertainment, won a paper umbrella by rolling some dice, found the Yelp table and bowed several time, and I looked at the assorted food vendors.
While it was a fun time, it's not something that would be on my radar as a yearly event.
I had a better time, as I have in the past, of just walking around the mall and looking at the menus of the various Asian restaurants and checking their ratings on Yelp do decide on future places to try when I'm in the area.
Since I often go to Las Vegas Little Theatre which is in Chinatown, I can do two things in the evening and enjoy some good food before dinner.
I did make a purchase.
I stopped in the Diamond Bakery, a place I've been to several times before.
I do like the Las Vegas Chinatown Plaza.
Although small with many good places spread out to the west along Spring Mountain Road, this is still a fun place to walk around and soak up the sights.
I had dinner here tonight.
It was my first visit.
I had the Lamb Saag and an order of Garlic Naan.
I really enjoyed my meal.
I asked for it to be spicy.
It was a little mild for me, but it was still very good.
I'll be back to try the lunch buffet to get a mix of their food.
Mandalay Place is an OK shopping and dining venue between Mandalay Bay Hotel and the Luxor.
I sometimes come here to walk the short distance between the two properties and people watch.
It's great fun.
There are some good restaurants here--RM Seafood and Ri Ra to name the two I've been to.
There are some good shops if you need or want the kinds of things they sell.
The one turn off for me is the completely overwhelming smell that emanates from the soap shop.
I need to steer clear of that place to avoid sneezing.
I attend performances by the Rainbow Company Youth Theatre.
The Center has two theatres, the intimate 80 seat Studio Theatre on the north side of the building, and a 275 seat main theatre on the west side of the building beyond the office of the Neon Museum.
Last night., I saw the Rainbow Company's "The Zombies Walk Among Us" mostly performed by kids doing a fine job of acting and having fun.
Ity was the first time I've been in the Main Theatre, and it's quite a good performance space.
The rest of the shows for the Rainbow Theatre performed this year at Reed Whipple will be in the Studio Theatre.
The art work and historic photos of Las Vegas makes the Reed Whipple a great place.
Slidin' Thru HQ is quite nice.
There's some tables and two booths.
You can eat outside under the covered patio.
The best thing about the place is that you're not waiting in the sun at their truck with people in front of you ordering 15 sliders for their offices.
That really irritated the hell out of me when I wait near Cox Communications.
45 minutes in lines some jerks were taking texts and upping their count as the line progressed, sloooowwwwlllllyyyy!
I had a Barby and a Pep Pep.
Both were excellent.
Since I already had a taco from the Lime Food truck in the parking lot, I didn't have the room for some fries.
Next time.
Their sliders are quite good.
I think I'll stop in again when I'm in the area.
It's too far to go for sliders, but if I'm around, I'll definitely stop in.
Nice HQ, guys!
While waiting for my cat to get her annual lion cut done, I came to this Starbuck's and had a coffee and breakfast sandwich.
Ordering was quick.
The staff was very pleasant.
There was plenty of seating room.
The wifi was zippy and is always appreciated.
I won't hesitate to stop here again but this is way out of my normal area of town so it won't be often.
After my poor experience several months ago, I decided to have dinner at STK when our Yelp event was cancelled.
I stopped at the host podium and asked if my manner of dress was OK and they seated me immediately.
I was soon greeted by my server, Rachael, who left menus for me to look over while she went to get the iced tea I asked for.
When she returned Rachel told me some specials the chef had that night and I opted for one of those--the ribeye cap--asking for it to be done blue.
I also ordered the hearts of romaine salad.
I received their pull apart bread topped with melted blue cheese and chive flavored oil for dipping.
This is really good but you have to hang on to your bread plate and the bread if you want to have any after starters are out of the way.
When the salad was brought, the runner asked if I wanted some fresh pepper and he got the pepper mill and ground a generous portion for me.
The salad comes with a parmesan lemon dressing and it was very good.
The steak arrived and it was very rare as I had ordered and it was very good.
Plated on a bed of mashed potatoes with mushrooms, the steak was tender and as good as Rachael described it to be.
For dessert, I asked about two items and with Rachael's descriptions, I opted for the STK doughnuts and I'm glad I did.
The doughnuts are coated with a maple glaze and having candied pecans.
Service was excellent throughout the time I was their with dirty plates removed quickly and any empty sweetener packs were removed quickly too.
It's always good when you can upgrade a business and I'm glad I gave them a second chance.
Yesterday, I did my second flight with Sky Combat Ace.
It was the Afterburner in an Extra 330 plane.
The flight was amazing!
I had the good fortune to have Buzz as my pilot.
He has many years of experience and after each maneuver, he checked with me to see how I withstood the G force.
Knowing everything was fine, he pushed the envelope a bit more with a more extreme roll.
And he checked with me, and then we did something more extreme, and so it went for about 25 minutes.
What an adrenaline rush!
We ended up experiencing G force that ranged from 7 to -2.
On my two flights which Sky Combat Ace, I have been very pleased by their professionalism, their attention to detail, the reminder phone calls the day before, allowing me to reschedule when something came up--in short a very cooperative company.
The hangar is spotless and the planes are in excellent condition.
Do yourself a favor.
If you like adventure, leave the tables for awhile and go to the Henderson Executive Airport and give this a go.
You'll be glad you did!
When I need to get my diet Arizona iced tea in cans, I head to a 99 Cent Only store as they're the only ones who stock this après hike treat.
As usual, there was a large quantity available and I bought 24 cans.
Check out was fast, the price was right, and in no time I was on my way with the goodies.
I even bought a bag of salad greens and a plastic box of cherry tomatoes each for a mere 99.99 cents, a savings over any store.
While this isn't my grocery of choice, it's the special thing I can't get elsewhere that brings me back!
I'm not a big Hallmark shopper.
It's too easy to buy cards almost anywhere else.
That being said, I wanted to get a card for a friend and since Amy's Hallmark is near my home, I drove here and got the card.
Amy's has a good selection and is a typical Hallmark store.
I regret the move by Hallmark to make so many cards with sound.
Just give me a good, old fashioned card with a  nice saying.
Or give me something humorous without the razzle dazzle.
A group of us came here after a movie to enjoy some boba tea.
I got the taro milk tea with boba.
The drink was very good.
Service was quick and friendly.
The shop is a little small which was apparent when we first got there and a line formed quickly.
I don't often stop for boba anymore.
I'm an iced black tea kind of person but when in Rome......

What made the visit more special yesterday was that the black sheep of our group went to his car and brought in his "Cards Agianst Humatiy" game.
By themn, we pretty much had the place to ourselves and we had a good time learning this new card game.
The outside patio area would be a nice place to sit in cooller months although they did have the misters going.
All in all, there are so many boba places that I don't have to drive to Henderson if I want some good milk tea.
This is a review for the Tiffany Showroom and the new show "Yesterday - A Tribute to the Beatles."
The showroom is quite nice.
There are three main levels.
The top level has individual chairs and some small round tables.
The next level down has banquettes and chairs.
Finally, the floor level has two rows of banquettes and some small table seating.
The stage is a good size, and the sound and lighting for tonight's show was excellent.
This tribute show has been well planned.
Review for the show itself: the guys have good voices and play wonderfully.
They are best when they sing with some harmony.
A few times when one of the guys was singing alone, the sound was not the Beatles but the individual.
When singing in unison, they sounded much closer to the Beatles.
The show was almost exactly one hour in length.
I wish I could give 3.5 stars because 3 is a bit low but 4 would be too high.
*** Review is for casino and amenities only***

I can't believe I haven't reviewed Paris Las Vegas.
From the time it opened, I have been impressed with its faux Parisian décor.
Being a Francophile, this was a place that made me smile and think of the real thing!
As for a casino, it's OK.  What I like more is walking the cobblestone walkway from the parking garage entrance.
Looking at the restaurants, Napoleon's Lounge, and the long lines at the buffet are people watching at its best.
The main bar on the casino floor has been redone.
The Eiffel Tower ride is something to do once or twice--night and day-- and there is a special price for Nevada residents.
Eat at some of their restaurants gets you a small discount per item i you have a Caesars Total Rewards card.
5 of us went for breakfast this morning (26 June 2010).
Everything was excellent.
Two had an omelet and two had the white chocolate and orange bread French toast, and one had the smoked salmon with bagel.
.
We also had one milk and cookies soufflé for dessert that three of us shared.
Everything was excellent!
The room was quite delightful and the service.
Our waiter had no personality whatsoever.
I would have given the fifth star but for his attitude of detachment.
Great breakfast spot.
Kyara has been on my to try list for awhile and tonight was the night I got the chance to go.
Having read many of the reviews from friends, I had some good tips to follow when dining here.
I sat at the sushi bar a place I like because it's always fun to watch the chefs working their magic and you see a kitchen at work.
I started by ordering three items, Gobo chips (fried burdock root), Iko Geso Age (deep fried squid tentacles), and Enoki with bacon (thin Japanese mushrooms wrapped in bacon and grilled on a skewer.)
The Gobo chips reminded me of very thin French fries with a bit different texture and a different flavor.
It's the root of the burdock so it has some of the flavor from where it grew.
The seasoning on the Gobo was excellent.
Iko Geso Age, deep fried squid tentacles, were uniformly cooked and seasoned with some salt.
The squid was very flavorful and almost every bite was tender.
Next was the enoki with bacon.
I think most people have seen enoki, either on TV or in the produce section of a market.
Enoki is a very thin stemmed mushroom, white in color, and in this preparation, a number of the mushrooms are gathered together something like a sheaf of wheat and carefully held together by being wrapped by the bacon and placed on a skewer.
It's then grilled.
It is a very tasty dish!
This is what I like about tapas style restaurants, I've eaten three dishes, well actually four, and I still have room to try one more thing.
I asked about their mountain potato on a hot plate.
One of the chefs explained to me that it might not be pleasant to my palate that it was slimy and it had a taste that you either loved or hated at first bite.
He also said the dish was too much for one person in size.
OK, next time I go, I have to go with a group of Yelp friends.
Instead, I ordered a butabara (pork belly)  skewer with salt.
They'll do it unsalted, salted, or with salt on the side.
What tasty pork!
This is reason to return although there' still so much to explore on the menu.
I mention and extra dish but didn't explain it.
When you check in on Yelp, it brings up a screen that gives you a free appetizer.
It was small and had some fish and other items.
It was a good starter and a nice perk for a check in.
Dinner wouldn't be complete without dessert.
I've had my share of chocolate recently, so I went with the green tea waffle dessert.
You get two waffles, vanilla ice cream, and two small containers--one with warm honey and one with melted butter.
I used a bit of the butter and only a small amount of the honey.
The dessert was very good.
And as one person's review stated, it is very filling.
Service was great.
I was there when Kyara opened so there wasn't a crowd there.
I was served twice by one of two servers and I received some of the other dishes over the bar from one of the chefs.
They allowed me to stand and peer over the side of the counter so I could see them making sushi and one of the chefs was trying a new dressing for a salad.
Dinner was very tasty, service was excellent, and I will be back.
I went to several places to find new laces for my hiking boots and was unable to find the correct length in boot strength laces.
I went to Downtown Summerlin and went next door to the sporting goods store and no luck.
then it hit me, Boot Barn is next door.
I walked in and started walking to the back.
I was asked by an employee if he could help me.
Within a few seconds, I was at the rack with a large selection of laces for boots and athletic shoes.
I picked the kind I wanted, went to the front, and checked out.
It was a pleasant find and I'll know where to come from now on.
The boots they sell are mostly cowboy boots so I'll be going elsewhere to buy my hiking boots.
Alert employee seeing dazed customer and helping=great service.
Thanks!
I had read some of the reviews before I went to the Pierogi Cafe but I went stupid when I got there to place my order.
I got 6 potato and cheese but I got them boiled--evidently the default--instead of fried.
I added the caramelized onion for a topping.
Since I also got two of the paczki to take home, the woman who waited on my gave me a cup for some free coffee from the counter near the entrance.
I enjoyed the coffee while I waited for the pierogis.
Mentally, I did a double take when I got the dumplings because of my forgetfulness.
I took a taste of one and it was rather bland.
A little salt helped the situation.
I am also not used to having pierogi made with farmers cheese instead of a more flavorful cheese.
Frying them might have made the cheese taste more, but the potato/cheese pierogi were just OK.
The dough was OK.
I appreciated the thinness of it instead of the clunky thickness of some frozen varieties.
Perhaps they had too high a standard to meet because my mother-in-law used to make the pierogis for the family.
It was her homemade pierogi that I had in mind and to that comparison, these were disappointing.
I think I get pretty much the same quality pierogi buying frozen ones available in a specialty grocery and baking them with onions and butter.
On the other hand, the two paczki were flavorful.
They are only gotten in for a short period of time before Lent--specifically some Polish friends refer to Fat Tuesday as Paczki Day.
I know pierogi are available with a number of fillings but I am more a traditionalist and go for just the potato and cheese although my mother-in-law also made sauerkraut filled pierogi which I tried once and then ignored from then on.
Before a play, I stopped here and used a dining comp.
I was seated in the lounge area which was fine because there was no music at the earlier hour and it was very comfortable seating.
I also got to order off the social hour (commonly known as happy hour) menu.
Wendy was my server and she was a good help.
I asked her about ordering some things, one of which was going to be the poutine.
She recommended skipping the poutine as it was a large dish more likely to be shared.
Instead she gave me some options.
I ordered the carnival bites--their take on corn dogs--and the goat cheese.
I was brought my iced tea quickly and their was a young bus person who continually refilled the tea for me.The carnival bites are good but what makes them good is the honey mustard for dipping the pieces of sausage.
The menu says they're dipped in corn dog batter.
I could discern no flavor from the batter.
The goat cheese was a baked piece of cheese in San Marzano tomato sauce with toast pieces to spread the cheese and tomato sauce on.
Both dishes were OK but the best was yet to come.
For dessert, I got the toffee pudding.
A very nice piece of cake with toffee around the base topped with ice cream and a chocolate stick.
This was very good and was a light ending to the dinner.
The restaurant was quite empty most of the time I was there.
Location in the casino is where Brendan's Irish Pub and the Asian restaurant next to Brendan's.
It's a large space.
I've wanted to go to First Friday for a long time but I never seemed to get there.
Friday night, I had a ticket for the play "The Mineola Twins" at the Art Square Theatre in the heart of the downtown Arts District and thus I was thrust into the First Friday action.
I didn't go as early as I could have to get a good parking spot and I opted not to take one of the shuttles.
I scouted a couple of side streets and ended up parking at Gass and 3rd which gave me only a 6 block walk.
From the moment I got the vibe of the crowd, I knew I was hooked on First Friday.
It was enjoyable seeing the street performers, looking at some of the art (wow, some of it looks like something one of my 6th grade students did years ago), and smelling the most incense I've smelled since I was in grad school.
It was also a fun diversion to see Metro cuffing a guy on the hood of one of their cruisers.
I was on a mission to find an ice cream truck but alas there was none to be found.
I ended up getting a deep fried Twinkie from one of the vendors.
No need to go inside the Mermaids Casino on Fremont Street now.
It was surprisingly good, but it's not something I'd buy on a regular basis.
I will be back to First Friday when I can spend some more time and enjoy the vibes some more.
If December is an OK weather night, I'll be there.
It was great fun!
I ate here for the 3rd time last night.
The meal was OK--not great, not terrible, but OK!
Service was OK, too, even a bit on the slow side.
I ordered the liver and onions and my wife had a ham and cheese sandwich.
Both were prepared well, the portion size was average, and the food was prepared well.
Our drinks were gotten fairly quickly and he came by to refill my iced tea when the glass was 1/2 full.
I probably would stop here when I was at the South Point again.
It is not a place I would go to just for the food and the experience.
As part of the Yelp Helps Week, I volunteered at the Ugly Sweater Run and I was very impressed with how much fun everyone was having.
It is a run but it's not timed.
It starts at 11, not the 8 or 9 start times that some people are accustomed to.
Some people ran, but most simply walked the 5K having lots of laughs as they went along.
I was impressed at how well everything came off and it was a fun event.
I think I'll volunteer again next year and then walk the 5K.
Anyone have an ugly sweater they want to get rid of?
This location, although closed for awhile, reopened with new owners several months ago.
I don't ship things with them because of the extra they charge for the convenience.
They are very amenable, however, to receive packages that go out with the US Mail.
After I do the postage printing at home, I take the shipping ready package to them.
I also buy some packing supplies from them.
The staff is always very nice, cooperative, and will offer any help they can.
Most of our hiking group got together on Friday for breakfast and Sun City Café was recommended by one of our group who had been here and they knew they could handle a group our size (11 or 13 this time--I didn't take roll).
The server was good enough to ask if we wanted separate checks and he did that for each and every one of us--above and beyond!
I ordered the special of the day which was a Tex/Mex kind of omelette made with pulled pork and topped with salsa verde and some tortilla strips.
You had a choice of hash browns or breakfast potatoes with onions and peppers.
I went with the breakfast potatoes.
Some in the group subbed fresh fruit for potato and toast.
I had rye toast.
The omelette was OK.
Even though the kitchen was busy with our orders and the other customers, the wait was not long.
It wouldn't have mattered as we were engaged in good conversation and much kidding.
The restaurant is a very pleasant place and I'm sure I'll be back in the future.
There were some pancakes on the menu that sounded great!
I had studied the menus online and had pretty much decided to go with the seasonal tasting menu.
However, when ordering, my server talked me out of the seasonal menu in favor of the same priced Signature tasting menu.
On his recommendation, that's what I ordered.
I was first brought a choice of rolls and some salted, softened butter--the way butter should be served unless requested otherwise.
The first course was a domestic caviar parfait with five levels with a shallot, potato pancake on the bottom and topped with the caviar as well as having a layer of smoked salmon.
A very good beginning.
The second course was a tartare of ahi tuna with Asian pear, pine nuts, and a quail egg mixed together at the table to mix the tuna with the other components.
This was bland.
There was no salt on the table.
The dish could have used some.
This was a bit of a letdown.
Third course was miso-glazed Chilean sea bass with shellfish dumplings.
The sea bass was excellent.
It was cooked perfectly and the miso broth was very good.
The two dumplings were OK.
The fourth course was Mina's famed lobster pot pie.
My server explained how this affected his career and that this was his signature dish.
The top of the pot pie is sliced around the edge and then this cap is removed to reveal the lobster stew inside.
There were chunks of lobster and vegetables such as celery, potato, and carrot.
The dish is a winner.
Next up was the American wagyu beef, three slices of tender beef with a piece of Hudson Valley foie gras and a pinot noir reduction.
There was also a small amount of mashed potatoes and a slice of mushroom.
The beef was good but steak loses something for me when it's sliced like this even though it was rare.
The mashed potatoes were so sparse they could have been left from the plate and not missed.
Finishing the meal was an assortment of sweets for dessert.
The was a chocolate whiskey cake, cocoa nib ice cream, some candied hazelnuts and salted caramel as well as Mina's famous root beer float which had a chocolate straw embedded in sassafras ice cream.
There was also a warm chocolate chip cookie.
Service was excellent.
My server, Alejandro, was a pleasant and polite.
His explanation of the dishes was interesting and his recommendation of the Signature tasting menu was great!
I was surprised for a tasting menu that there was no amuse-bouche nor any mignardises at the end.
It's not necessary, but you sort of expect it with a tasting menu at a restaurant with this high reputation.
Another time, I'd order the lobster pot pie as the main course and get the whole lobster.
That would be quite the meal!
In the new Downtown Container Park, just as you enter on the left, is this small coffee outlet.
It's a satellite of the Beat Coffeehouse on Fremont Street.
There is a limited menu and no seating.
It's a walk up window where you place your order and then take a seat somewhere nearby.
The staff last night was absolutely delightful!
Friendly, smiling, and helpful.
Instead of coffee, I got a large hot chocolate and I took it to the second floor of the Container Park and sipped it as I watched the praying mantis blow fire!
What a hoot!
The hot chocolate was very good and just the thing for a cold evening.
This is definite stop the next time I'm at the Container Park.
Review for casino and Atrium level only:

I've been to the Luxor many times for shows.
Today I stopped by for the Bodies and Titanic exhibitions on the Atrium level.
It's easy to get here from the garage.
The area is clean and easy to navigate, and having a food court nearby might be good for some.
The casino is OK.
They have changed it so much as they've added nightclubs and marketed this property to the younger set.
Still, it's an OK place.
Just like any Starbuck's.
This one has a drive through but I don't use it.
Good wifi.
Good drinks.
I've read the reviews of Fat Choy my friends have posted and I knew this was a must try and I'm glad I did.
First of all, my server, Jenny, was an absolute delight.
She asked me about being there before and if I had any questions about the menu.
She was very helpful and very personable.
I was the only customer on this slow Sunday evening, and she had extra time and she spent it checking back with me a chatting.
I had looked at the menu online and I opted to try the bao.
I've never had Vietnamese bun bao so this was a new experience.
I ordered the duck and pork belly bao.
The duck bao comes with thinly sliced cucumber pieces, scallion, micro greens, and hoisin sauce.
The pork belly bao comes with one side of the pork seared, pickled mustard greens, cilantro, hoisin sauce, and some crushed peanuts.
The sandwiches were great!
The duck was my favorite because I simply love duck.
Jenny had brought me Sriracha and a small plate for putting the Sriracha and then using the plate as a dipping area.
It worked quite well!
The bun was very tasty.
Then the option came for dessert.
What's a person to do?
Ask Jenny for advice and certainly follow it.
I got the peanut butter cup which has a chocolate cookie-like bottom, then a layer of peanut butter mousse (my words), topped by some bits of crispy pieces.
I got it à la mode with vanilla ice cream.
The peanut butter is excellent.
Soft, creamy, and very rich!
I'm a fan--big time!
The restaurant uses the app Wallet so you can pay without pulling out the plastic and they'll email you a receipt if you want.
The only drawback for me was the smell of smoke.
The restaurant is open to this small, locals casino and there's a smell of stale smoke as soon as you come in the door from the outside.
This permeates the restaurant and detracts from the overall experience.
I wish they'd put up some doors after scrubbing the place down and trying to get rid of the smoke smell.
But, I will be back.
Even though it's a small menu, there are things to try!
I don't use the Park & Ride for taking the bus.
This is a meet up spot sometimes for when we hike at Mount Charleston.
There is ample parking with two large lots.
The bus waiting area has always been very clean and attractive.
The bathrooms in the building are convenient and have always been clean.
My friend arrived yesterday and left his bike in one of the bike stands and off we were.
This is a really convenient spot to meet and then get back on the freeway for going to Mount Charleston.
This was the Tuesday my wife's cleaning lady comes.
Every two weeks, I come back from the gym, shower quickly, and then make a quick escape from the two so I don't have to hear their silly chatter.
More important, they want me the hell out of the way!
I needed to make a stop downtown anyway so I quickly decided to head for this Denny's.
I've driven by after a show several times and I wanted to try it.
I parked in the city owned garage below Neonopolis and it's a short walk one flight up to get to the store areas and the Denny's.
The entrance is on the side.
I ordered a Start Up omelette which is a 3 egg omelette with a choice of cheese and comes with toast and hash browns or grits.
I got tomato slices instead of the toast and grits.
I had already been brought fresh coffee.
The omelette was a standard one with a fair amount of cheese inside.
The tomato slices were a nice change from the carbs of the breakfast sides.
The plate was one of the hottest plates I've touched in quite awhile and it kept the breakfast warm while I ate.
My server was a young woman who was very pleasant.
She brought me some Cholula as requested.
That's always a bonus.
One criticism--the small booths are really small!!
It would be hard to fit two standard sized adults in the space.
I pushed the table almost to the far side of the booth.
Sit at the counter or outside.
A couple of things.
They advertise that this is the only Denny's in the world with a wedding chapel.
Well, not really.
There's an area with some wedding photos on the wall and if you want to get married at Denny's in downtown Las Vegas, that's where it will be.
They move the tables aside and you exchange your vows there.
I am aware from the news that there has been a wedding here.
Well, the licenses are sold only a few blocks away.
Second thing, the parking in the garage below Neonopolis is so convenient.
Denny's does not validate for this city owned garage but I had no payment due when I left.
perhaps it was the time of day, the day of the week, or merely the fact that I was here for less than an hour.
I'll be back.
This is a really nice Denny's.
I am not much of a doughnut person anymore but this place could convert me.
I stopped here because of Michael U's glowing review because I know what high standards he has.
I got two fritters--an apple and a blueberry--and one croissant doughnut, a.k.a., cronut, that was raspberry filled.
The fritters were both quite good and while one was bought for my wife, she only got a small taste of it.
I had it gone in a flash.
She didn't care for the raspberry cronut thinking it was too sweet.
I soon dispatched the rest of that so she didn't have to suffer.
Before sundown, all three were gone even though I promised myself I'd save something for the next day,
I went here after my normal spot had a woman buying 14 subs.
The line was terrible.
I needed to get my wife something for dinner and she wanted to try the new Italiano turkey melt.
She enjoyed the sandwich.
Part of this Subway is shared by Winchell's doughnuts so you can get two fixes with one stop if you care.
Service was OK but the guy didn't know how to make their electronic payment accept Apple Pay.
I'll be damned if I download their app to pay through them.
This would only be a back up place to go as the other location is closer.
I bought a Groupon that was good for $25 in take out food.
Rather than wait until the Groupon was ready to expire, I used it within a few weeks of buying it.
I had read the concept of this place on Yelp and I studied the menu.
My wife told me what she wanted and I knew also.
Off I was.
Since the Groupon was for $25, I made the two meals manga size which is an extra $2.99 for a larger serving.
For my wife, the pomodoro fresco with angel hair pasta, tomatoes, marinara, and parmesan and Romano cheeses.
For me, Crazy Alfredo which is fettuccini with chicken, Italian sausage, roasted red peppers, shrimp, sun dried tomatoes, mushrooms, and jalapeños.
We also got a side of sweet corn with creamy parmesan sauce.
Since I was already getting a deal with the Groupon, I didn't double dip and use the Yelp check in offer of free garlic bread.
Next time.
The meals were packed in aluminum containers and I was on my way in less than 10 minutes from the time I walked in the door.
Manga size is much too large for us.
We had some one night and the rest the next night as leftovers.
My wife commented, "I really enjoyed that!"
I tried some of her dish and it was good.
My fettuccini was not filled with a lot of the add ins to make it the Crazy Alfredo but there was a fair amount of chicken and sun dried tomatoes.
I could have used more jalapeños--personal preference.
The big disappointment was the corn.
The size of the serving here was just opposite the large main dishes and the creamy parmesan sauce wasn't that exciting.
This is an interesting place to go for a quick pasta fix and I can see myself stopping here now and then when I don't want to cook.
A-OK.
I've walked by Red Square for years and always wanted to give it a try.
Last night before the Lionel Richie concert was the perfect time.
My server was Mary and she saw to it that I got my iced tea quickly and she gave me plenty of time to look over the menu and then answer some questions.
For an appetizer, I got the Siberian nachos.
This is a fun way of doing nachos in a different manner.
There are five, very thinly sliced,waffle potato chips each with a nice slice of very good smoked salmon.
Topping each is a small dollop of caviar and sour cream.
The potato slices are so delicate, you can't pick up the chip and eat it with the salmon on top.
The main course had to be beef stroganoff.
This was made differently than I've ever had before but it was no less good.
In fact, this was the star of the meal and I recommend anyone eating here try the stroganoff.
It's a braised short rib that was extremely tender accompanied by wild mushroom tagliatelle.
There is some truffle flavored ricotta placed between the pasta and the beef.
Unlike what we normally think of stroganoff, this one was not heavy on sour cream to make a gravy for the beef.
Rather, the ricotta simply becomes blended a bit with the very good juices from the meat.
I like their way of doing stroganoff.
I took Mary's advice for dessert--it's actually what I was going to order anyway.
This was good but was a bit of a disappointment.
The strawberry baked Alaska wasn't made nor served like a traditional baked Alaska which could have been OK except for one thing.
The base was a thin sponge cake with some fresh strawberry slices.
This was topped with some strawberry ice cream, and then the whole thing was mounded--not with meringue--but with marshmallow fluff that had been browned.
When I put my spoon to what I thought was meringue I learned by the very thick consistency how wrong I was.
The marshmallow was overwhelming in texture and in sweetness!
I was glad to get below to the strawberry ice cream to offset some of the cloying sweetness.
Service during dinner was excellent and Mary was a very pleasant server who made the dinner pleasant.
The runners made sure my iced tea was refilled as soon as I finished my glass.
I like the room with it's Soviet themes.
This starts with the beheaded statue of Vladimir I. Lenin at the entrance.
The head was cut off and is in a freezer in the vodka tasting lounge where you get bottle service.
Above the door inside is CCCP for the Soviet Union and there's a hammer and sickle vodka vault sign by the bar and I could see part of the one mural in the bar/lounge area about a delegate--that's all I could read of the Russian letters.
While passing time between courses, I did notice that on the wall above the side of the bar, they have misspelled the Russian word for Square in their Red Square.
Perhaps it's the teacher in me and maybe it was my tough Russian professor in undergraduate school.
Finally, the restaurant is very vibrant--sound wise.
I wouldn't plan on having a quiet conversation with your table mate.
Our hiking group comes to Chinatown for dim sum every year around Chinese New Year.
We went yesterday because one of the group will be in Taiwan during the New Year time.
We used to come here when it was the Cathay House and decided to come back.
The member of our group who is going to Taiwan stopped in the week before and reserved the private room for us.
The place has been renovated a bit with the main part of the restaurant now all on one floor.
Opposite the entrance and down a few steps is the private room with its large, round table with lazy Susan for easy sharing.
One problem with the room though is the carts have no way of coming down the steps to the room so you order what you want but you can't see it like we used to as the carts are wheeled around.
A few times one of the women brought a dish to the room to see if we wanted but for the most part, our Asian friend ordered for us.
We got the standard pork shumai, steamed pork buns, sesame balls, and rice noodle rolls.
In addition, there was an order for Singapore noodles and chow fun.
The Singapore noodles were quite good with a good amount of curry.
The food was OK for our lunch.
Service was good but we needed to ask for water which came as we were nearing the end of our meal.
I like the restaurant and it was almost filled.
I'm sure we'll be back another time to enjoy lunch.
I needed to stop at an ATM last night and this location was on my way.
There's not a whole lot I can say about the experience except it was quick.
There was  no one there and I drove right up to the machine and was on my way quickly.
The only thing that threw me was the fact that their ATM is opposite almost every other Wells Fargo.
Instead of being on the outside lane, the ATM is the one against the wall as you drive in.
Strange.
I gave this two tries and it meets all expectations.
I enjoy the very comfortable, reclining seats with footrests.
Watching a 2 hour plus movie becomes a very good experience (if the movie cooperates).
My experience at the box office has been quite good.
I have several passes to Regal cinemas and there's an up charge of $1.50 for coming here.
No question of what I'll do if there's a movie I want to see.
I'll be coming here.
I do like the reserved seating option.
I checked on Fandango and I knew where the pre-sale seats were.
This was confirmed at the box office when I picked my seat for today.
I chose the back row, just left of center, and it was great.
My 5 star rating will have a + after it in my mind when the kiddies go back to school and their parents stay away from theatres during the day.
I won't have to put up with the parents' texting!
I did a long bike ride today, and I knew when I got back to the car, I would need to head for the nearest Starbucks.
I made a few taps on my GPS and this was the closest around.
This outlet has no drive through which is OK with me.
I'd rather speak with people in person than through the box.
Service was a little slow because the woman working the register was too interested in commenting on a friend's lack of looking well.
The barista had the drink amde almost as soon as I told the talker what I wanted.
He was on top of things.
I've stopped here for gas a few times, but since Costco is so close, there's really no need to pay their premium.
What I'm normally here for, as I was today, is to get the free papers--the Las Vegas Weekly, CityLife, and Vegas Seven magazines.
I like to read these, and I enjoy the print versions.
Staff has always been friendly when they see me come for the free papers.
It looks like a well stocked convenience mart.
When I first moved to Las Vegas, I came here two times looking for something both times leaving without what I wanted.
I have not returned until recently when I decided to give it another try.
I was in search of Christmas cards because I really don't care to send the very best if I can get something else that is attractive and well done without a lot of mushy sentiment.
I was surprised when I saw a whole section of reasonably priced, boxed Christmas cards.
I picked up a few boxes and then went on a little check out walk and I ended up buying a set of outdoor lights for a very good price.
The staff at checkout was very pleasant.
A good end to a successful shopping stop!
Giving Big Lots another chance has changed my thoughts about the store and I'll be more likely to check here in the future.
This was the second time I ate at Terra Rossa.
Had I been doing Yelp reviews the first time I was here, the number of stars would be less than this review.
I came here with friends from out of town who are staying at Red Rock.
We got started with some rolls and a plate of cheese, zucchini crisps, and olives.
Some of our party wanted bread instead of the oil/balsamic dip and that was brought also.
One odd things was that when we said we didn't want to see a wine list, the wine glasses were removed but we were never asked about anything else to drink.
Instead we were served tap water which was fine but i do like iced tea with any meal.
I was the only one who ordered an appetizer.
I got their tortellini in brodo, chicken tortellini in chicken broth with parmigiano reggiano cheese.
In addition, a server added some freshly ground pepper and some extra cheese.
The soup was very hot and was very, very good!
For my main course, I got the ravioli di spinach, ravioli stuffed with spinach, ricotta, brown butter, and sage.
This, too, had extra cheese grated as I requested.
There were five good sized ravioli and the filling of spinach and cheese was quite good.
The brown butter made the dish even better tasting.
Around the table, one person got spaghetti, one got veal parmigiana, and one got something I can't remember.
All 4 of us were pleased with our meals.
Being Super Bowl Sunday and the game was in progress, we had the restaurant to ourselves except for one other table.
Service was excellent!
I'm glad I came back and gave the place a second look even if it has been at least 5 years since I was here.
I guess some things do get better with age!
Pretty much the standard Walmart setup.
This is a newer, cleaner store than some around the area.
It's generally out of my way, so I'm not here much.
I was coming home along the 215 and I decided to so some shopping here.
Enough said!
Michael U. had the idea that after our Doughnut Crawl Part - II, we'd go to this new Po-Boy sandwich shop near downtown Las Vegas.
A caravan of five or six cars went form the northwest to Streetcar.
The owner helped move two extra tables to a booth and we had enough room for the 15 or so of us who descended on the place.
Four of us decided to get one sandwich each and split the sandwiches into quarters so that we could each try a little bit of several sandwiches.
It was a super idea.
We ordered a Streetcar which has shrimp, oysters, and catfish.
Sandwich two was the Bourbon Street--roast beef with gravy.
The third sandwich was the Crescent City, a muffuletta.
The fourth was a Marie Laveau which is boudin sausage.
We also had a Pirogue, a crawfish boudin because an error was made and they brought the wrong sandwich, but left it with us to enjoy while they made the correct one.
Most of the sandwiches came with chips and a small side of cole slaw.
With our sandwiches, we ordered three sides--deep fried macaroni and cheese, hush puppies, and corn fritters.
Everything was simply great!!
The bread is from the Leidenheimer Baking Company in New Orleans and is flown here for Streetcar.
The fillings in the sandwiches were excellent.
My favorite was Marie Laveua, the boudin sausage Po-boy.
The deep freind mac and cheese was excellent as were the corn fritters.
For dessert, they brought us some praline King Cake they were trying out.
It was very flavorful.
Michael U. had pre-ordered a King Cake and they were waiting for us to come before they dressed the cake so the icing and other things on top were fresh.
I have not yet tried my King Cake because I'm still in a food coma.
Service was very, very good.
Gwen, the owner, was a wonderful, welcoming person who made us feel at home at her piece of NOLA in Las Vegas.
Our main server D'nis was very good and a friendly person.
Gwen gave the three young ones in the group a small stuffed animal.
That was very kind of her.
In the piece of praline King Cake I got was the baby that's baked into the cake.
That means I have to buy the next King Cake or host the next Mardi Gras gathering.
OK, Mel C., Terri R., and Michael U., put this on your calendar for next year.
We return, get four sandwiches and some sides again, and I'm buying.
I can't wait to come back here for the alligator Po-boy.
It's been awhile since I had alligator!
Review for showroom only:

I have been to the Aruba's showroom 3 or 4 times.
It's a small venue but the right size for a small production.
Last night when I went to see Strip the Play, the rooms was set up with approximately 40 chairs.
In addition, there were 5 or 6 round tables with two chairs in the front row and some booth seating on the sides.
The place needs a little renovating.
What do you do after a four mile hike?
Try a new place for lunch with your hiking mates.
This is what landed us at Bob Taylor's Ranch House late this morning.
Two of us had the chicken wrap which in this case is fried chicken in a tortilla with lettuce, tomato, and ranch dressing.
It was very good!
The only change I'd make would be to use regular grilled chicken, not fried, but the fried did give the wrap a nice crunch.
It was served with steak fries.
The third person in our group had the tuna melt, also served with fries.
She was very pleased with her sandwich.
For dessert, we splurged.
We had passed on an appetizer to go for the good stuff at the end.
We opted for a slice of carrot cake (it's huge!)
with a scoop of ice cream.
The cake was excellent and it was the perfect sweet tooth ending to our lunch.
Service was terrific--perhaps because we were the only people in the restaurant.
I have a feeling that our server would have been almost as attentive if there had been 5 tables occupied.
The lunch prices are very reasonable.
After all the years of seeing the signs for this place or seeing ads, I'm glad we gave it a try.
I have a feeling that when we hike Mount Charleston and add lunch to our rigors, we'll stop here again!
I finally had the chance to join four others and have dinner at Carnevino.
We have heard so much about this restaurant from Michael U.
He set up the dinner with the staff at Carnevino.
We started with some cheese puffs and then we were each given a nice roll.
With the roll came to spreads, lardo and butter.
The lardo was superb!
Fatty, salty, and just the right accompaniment to a tasty roll.
Seven appetizers were next up served family style.
The items were grilled octopus with pickled vegetables and limoncello; carne cruda--their made to order chopped steak tartare; pastrami slices with two fried eggs and some greens; stracciatella; two wood platters of cured meats--one with mortadella, salumi, coppa, lomo, and nduja and one with prosciutto; and a dish of peppers, some stuffed with cheese.
With the appetizers, we got some sliced, toasted bread and some more lardo.
There were also more rolls brought to each person.
Next up we had two pastas--beef cheek ravioli topped with sliced white truffles and gnocchi with fresh cut figs.
Next was the reason we were there--meat, in particular, their Riserva, a dry aged meat done in a way no other restaurant is.
Our two inch slice of Riserva was aged 254 days.
We also got a veal chop and a ribeye that was 100 day aged.
After showing all three meats on the table, they were cut table side and then placed back on the table.
With these meats, we had five vegetable dishes--mashed potatoes with an egg that was mixed into the potatoes at the table to make them creamier and tastier; Brussels sprouts, eggplant parmigiana, sautéed spinach, and thick cut garlic fries.
The meal ended with four desserts.
We had some cheesecake, panna cotta, a chocolate, peanut butter torte, and semifreddo.
The star of the evening was the Riserva.
The flavor is hard to describe.
There's a small bleu cheese flavor but the flavor comes from the oils from the fat that are in the meat.
We were warned to eat some of the ribeye first and then move on to the Riserva.
The difference was remarkable.
The appetizers and sides were good.
The vegetables should have been hotter.
Perhaps they were waiting too long while the meat was cut.
Service was outstanding.
Our waiter, Shepard, was on top of everything and he had a great personality that made dinner a little more special.
All in all, a special evening with some friends enjoying some good meat.
A return visit sometime is a must.
Three of us met for lunch yesterday with Chefs Harwell and Santiago serving up dishes from the new winter menu.
We were served:

Wok charred edamame
Ancient grain Greek
Blood orange and root
Bacon jam with toasted baguette
Wild mushroom flatbread
Pear and bleu flatbread
Hawaiian sliders
Secret Sunday chicken sandwich
Sprouts and spuds
Steelhead trout
Turducken pot pie
Shepard's 3.14
Banoffee Pie

This was my third visit to Carson Kitchen and I was wowed by the creativity--the risk taking by the chefs with these dishes.
Some standouts for me:  since I hadn't had the bacon jam when it was on the menu before, this was a treat.
As a person who has only eaten Spam for the first time within the last year, I was pleasantly surprised by the Hawaiian slider with a round of Spam on the bottom, a ring of pineapple on top, and the whole thing topped with some seaweed slaw.
The Secret Sunday chicken sandwich is very large so this is definitely a share dish, too.
The chicken was as moist as could be and the and the spicy aioli topped it off nicely.
The last three savories all were amazing.
The Turducken pot pie with buttermilk crumble top was nice and creamy and the duck flavor came through the well crafted cream to the pot pie.
The Shepard's Pie 3.14 is a new take on the traditional pie.
Cubes of lamb, gnocchi, vegetables, and potato sticks.
Very creative and tasty with the rich broth.
I was completely blown away by the steelhead trout.
Although hard to say, this was the best savory of the day for me.
Cooked perfectly, the trout was moist and rich.
Finally, the Banoffee Pie with Bailey's whipped cream and biscotti, was a perfect way to end this lunch.
I'd had this before and was glad to see it come back to the menu.
Service was superb!
New share plates were always brought, the staff was extremely friendly, and Chef Harwell was there to introduce each of the dishes and expolain how and/or why it came about.
This is a gem of a dining spot not just for Downtown Las Vegas but from any place in the Valley.
Carson Kitchen rocks!
I have seen Cher twice at the Colosseum at Caesars so I bought a ticket for her Farewell Tour #7.
She doesn't call it that but she's like the Energizer bunny.
The big reason for going other than I like Cher was to see this new Park Theatre which recently opened.
I watched as the 5,000+ seat building was being added to the Monte Carlo replacing the much smaller space where the Blue Man Group had played.
In order to avoid the rush from the NY NY and Monte Carlo garages after the show, I parked at Aria and walked to the MC.
It's a short walk and it was quiet when leaving the venue after the show.
I also found that I had selected the perfect place for sitting.
I was in the first row of the 305 section (Row D).
I know that at most concerts, people stand, wave their arms back and forth, and otherwise pay for a seat they don't use for much of the concert.
I know my age is showing.
When I looked at the seating map online, it appeared there was a gap between my row and those in front of me and that's correct.
Three of the 300 level sections have booth like seating with cocktail tables and menus.
These were mostly empty and the only person in front of me was with the Cher show as he had an all access badge.
There was no one standing and waving their arms in front of me.
I also noted that the floor seats didn't appear to have much pitch to them so I would definitely avoid them.
This seating also has the advantage of only being four rows down from the entrance and I was out of the main theatre in a flash and quickly walking down the steps and through the casino.
I know now where to sit in the future but the offerings at the Park Theatre are not entertainers I'd generally see at least from what has been announced.
I was impressed by this new addition to Las Vegas entertainment.
I have to give this Starbucks 4 stars.
There was no one in line when I entered the drive through yesterday.
The order was taken, the person at the register was very pleasant, and I was on my way quickly.
It's also a plus that this outlet is in the front of the shopping plaza where I sometimes go to the Walmart Neighborhood Market.
I can get a drink going in or leaving and it's very convenient.
I got my drink in about the same time it took me to write this review!
I'm a fan!
What do three Yelpers do after a double hike at Mount Charleston?
We look for a place to refill our depleted nutritional content.
We first went to a restaurant that had a 35 minute wait.
We opted not to wait and started Yelping on our smart phones to find somewhere else.
On the way to a 2nd suggested place, Warren P. found Jamms and since it was nearby, I piloted the car to Jamms.
What a nice stop for idea #3.
The three of us started out with a free pot of bread, just for mentioning Yelp.
They have plain, cinnamon, and the flavor of the day was green chili and cheese which is what I got.
It comes with a cup of softened butter and was tasty.
I had the S'mores pancake.
That's pancake batter with marshmallow and chocolate chips in the batter.
It's topped with some extra chocolate chips--for good measure-- that soften from the hot pancake.
There is also a drizzle of caramel sauce on the pancake.
I got the single pancale and it was a perfect ending to a great hike.
Service was excellent.
I'll be back here for sure!
After driving by here many times, I stopped in and purchased 4 pastries to bring home.
I got a strawberry tart, a chocolate bomb, a lemon meringue tart, and chocolate mousse.
The strawberry tart consisted of two fairly hard top and bottoms with cream filling.
It was very sweet, almost cloying.
My wife at the chocolate bomb and the mousse and she thought they were good.
I finshed the purchase by eating the lemon meringue tart.
The crust of the tart was hard and it was difficult to eat without sending pieces of crust go flying.
Overall, I was OK with what I got but there are so many better choices that I doubt I'll be returning.
I went here last night to try the place out.
It was OK.
I was very close to closing time arriving at around 9:45.
The woman was pleasant and she made my sundae quickly.
I got the Black and Tan Sundae which is described by their menu as:  Creamy vanilla and toasted almond ice cream drowned in Leatherby's caramel and chocolate fudge, topped with whipped cream, nuts and a cherry.
It was good but at $7.35 plus tax for two scoops of ice cream, that's too pricey.
For that amount, I can be sitting in Max Brenner's in the Forum Shoppes and not in a run down, older restaurant that has seen better days.
I don't need to return.
*** Review for Spring Restaurant Week 2014 menu ***

This would be a three star review if not for the outstanding service we received.
This was an afterthought when I was looking at the RW offerings.
I decided it was wife friendly (it's difficult to get her to try different things).
We came here in the late afternoon.
I had checked the times online and the Tommy Bahama website said dinner was from 4 on.
We were there at 4:30 and got the lunch RW menu and were told that dinner service begins at 5 PM.
That's where our server, Naomi, showed us what the service would be like.
She went to the kitchen and then came back.
After collecting our lunch menus, she went to the stand and brought back the dinner menus.
I started with the coconut shrimp with an Asian slaw.
The shrimp were resting on a mango-papaya chutney.
My wife had the classic Caesar--romaine leaves with Grana Padano cheese and garlic croutons.
Both were good starters.
My shrimp  had little coconut flavor.
During our starters, Naomi brought some hot bread from the kitchen.
They serve the bread with a cinnamon butter which is quite good.
I thought it was odd that they had no bread plates.
I happened to have my starter plater so I could use that.
For the main courses, I got the pork loin and my wife got the parmesan crusted Sanibel chicken breast--a selection not shown on their online RW menu but a good choice.
Naomi asked how I liked the pork--medium and I said rare to medium-rare.
I didn't want the meat too dead.
It was cooked too much and it wasn't a bit juicy.
It was a huge loin--almost like they took a loin and cut it in half.
It was served with asparagus and 6 silver dollar size sweet potato pancakes.
The sides were very good!
My wife's chicken was good.
Her chicken came on a bed of garlic mashed and some broccolini.
For dessert, I got the piña colada cake and my wife got the four layer triple chocolate cake.
Excellent and once again, a large portion.
Iced tea was refilled promptly without asking.
Naomi was always around without being intrusive and she had a sparkling personality!
She makes this a 4 star review.
** I apologize for only having two photos.
I forgot to bring my Yelp camera and my phone went dead after just two.
I was in the area while scouting some bike trails yesterday and my Starbucks app pointed me toward this outlet.
It looks fairly new and it's a really nice store.
I ordered my drink and then waited.
They were doing a good business at the drive through.
The part that amazed me was the fact there were four people working here yesterday.
One at the drive through register, one at the counter register and one making drinks.
The 4th person just stood around watching but I never saw her make a drink during the 5 minutes I waited.
Wouldn't it make sense to task her with the cold drinks--frappuccinos and such--and the other one could concentrate on the drinks that needed to be made at the espresso machine.
That's what you'd think but that's not what was going on here yesterday.
I felt sorry for the barista.
She was working very hard and I sensed she wasn't pleased with the lack of help.
The seating area was comfortable and the wifi was zippy.
That saved this from being a 2 star review but they really need to do something about the division of labor at this place.
I stopped here to use the Redbox machine.
I then went inside and got a McDonald's McCafé frappé, chocolate chip variety.
Service was prompt with a nice smile from the young lady at the counter.
She made the drink quickly and it was very good.
I've been here a few times in the past and it's a convenient stop on Flamingo.
Review is for Restaurant Week 2017 menu

Chica takes the spot of the former DB Brasserie in the Venetian.
I went for Restaurant Week dinner and I chose (with menu descriptions):

Empanadas Pabellon - Crispy arepa masa stuffed with braised ground beef, sweet plantains, black beans, queso fresco and spicy guasacaca pico
Porchetta with crispy yucca hash - Slow roasted suckling pig, crispy brussels sprouts, fried yucca, pearl onion escabeche, pork jus
Tres leches dulce de leche - Traditional "Three milks" cake topped with toasted meringue, with exotic fruit pico

The empanadas were the let down of the meal.
You can see from the photo that the one was especially crisp and the bottom of that one was blacker in one spot.
Someone needs to watch the grill more carefully.
The empanadas were OK but they need more moisture.
The porchetta was flavored well and was juicy.
It had a crisp exterior.
The pork jus made the porchetta even more juicy.
The tres leches cake was the real winner of the night.
Excellent cake-moist throughout from the three milks.
Service was good but sometimes it was too good.
There was a busser who kept walking back and forth and took dirty plates almost as soon as you put down your silverware.
The table next to me had to ask for another share plate because he took the one she was using for shrimp tails she cleaned off her shrimp.
This is an OK place.
After a hike yesterday, we stopped here for their lunch buffet.
It was almost empty when we arrived but we must have been a draw because business picked up while we were there.
They brought us ice water and we ordered garlic naan.
In fact, we ordered a second basket of garlic naan before we even started with the first.
It was quite good.
The first part of the buffet had all vegetarian dishes.
Some of the standouts here were the  pakoras, large triangles filled with a spicy mix of vegetables, and the saag.
The saag had excellent flavorings and was very tasty.
I also tried some of the lentils and they were also good.
In the second section, I had some goat curry, chicken tikka masala, and tandoori chicken.
The chicken tikka masala was standard as was the goat curry.
The tandoori chicken was a bit dry.
A couple of things I noted that were different.
There is no silverware on the table.
You pick up utensils at the buffet when you're there or you go back and get if you forget.
I was expecting some kind of MTV India music playing or video,  but they had their TV off which was quite OK.
But instead, we had pop music which just didn't seem to fit the place.
The room is pleasant, service was OK, and the lunch buffet was good.
There are a few standout items as mentioned.
I didn't have dessert, not even kheer, which almost unheard of for me.
The naan filled me up quite nicely along with two plates of food.
Our hiking group goes to Chinatown for a New Year's lunch each January/February.
Today, we went to Bund Shanghai.
One of our group had been here and she liked it very much.
She arranged the lunch ahead of time.
Since she's from Taiwan, there is never a language problem when we're with her in Chinatown.
For lunch, the 10 of us shared these Shanghai style dim sum selections: soup dumplings (XLB),  crab and pork soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, beef fried buns, pot stickers, spicy won ton, rice cake stir fry with pork and cabbage, Shanghai fried thin noodles, red bean pan cake, and eight treasure rice pudding.
All of us liked the food very much.
I found the XLB to be a bit bland.
My favorite was the Shanghai fried noodles.
I'd go back just for that.
Service was excellent.
Shirley spoke with the staff for the most part, but the hostess and one of the servers had great English so we'd be OK if we went without Shirley.
The restaurant is very nicely appointed.
It's not very large but can hold several large parties like ours at their large round tables.
The parking lot is very, very small!
I have to come back and try this for a regular dinner, not just dim sum, to get a better feel for the dishes.
But, this was a very good lunch!
Edit:  My photos don't do justice to most of the dishes.
I was sitting in the wrong section of the circle and those from our group started digging into the dishes before I could get a photo of the entire dish.
Plating was very nicely done!
I stopped in for a quick dessert before going to a show at Las Vegas Little Theatre in Chinatown.
I saw ice cream on a sign in the window and I went in for that.
I made my way to the area where the ice cream was and saw that they made ice cream sandwiches.
Pick your cookie flavor, then your ice cream flavor, and last one of the staff makes the ice cream cookie sandwich.
I went back to the ordering area and it turned out that my first choice of cookie was not in stock.
Neither was the second choice.
(I got these choices from their sign).
The order taker went back and checked the cookie boxes and came back and told me what WAS available.
I went with the white chocolate chip cookie.
I got this with cookies and cream ice cream which I knew they had because I had seen it.
There was a bit of a wait because the boba orders were ahead of me and they were somewhat busy.
In due time, a gentleman came back and opened a new box of white chocolate chip cookies and removed two.
He then used a two-piece plastic gadget to make the ice cream sandwich.
First, he put a piece of plastic on top of one of the cookies and pressed really hard.
This plastic had a raised portion and it was in here that he scooped the ice cream.
Then the second cookie was placed on top and another piece of plastic was used to push very hard on the cookie to press the ice cream into the perfect sandwich shape it is.
The ice cream sandwich was placed in a paper holder and given to me.
The cookies must be specially made for this purpose because they were as hard as rocks.
They would have to be to survive the pressure placed on them by the person making the sandwich.
Optional dental coverage should be available!
The ice cream was regular C & C which was the best part of the sandwich.
I was less than pleased with my ice cream sandwich.
I'd been better off buying one in the freezer section of the nearby market.
This is the second time we saw Vinnie Favorito.
He is exceedingly funny.
He's an equal opportunity insulter and he says what under normal circumstances would be simply outrageous and unacceptable.
He picks on all races and ethnic backgrounds during his hour of asking questions and then making comments.
If you are squeamish about a lack of political correctness, this is not the show for you.
If you like a hearty laugh along with the people he's talking to in the audience, this is the show for you.
I am sure that there's a pattern during every show - find a Mexican, a black, a gray hair, and an Asian.
Then go to work with them after finding out their names and what they do.
He's so very quick with his quips.
His mind must race all show long.
If you want a good laugh while in Las Vegas, go see Vinnie Favorito at the Flamingo.
You won't regret it.
A friend recommended the Cafe as being one of the best places to have breakfast and I decided to check it out and see if he was correct.
Yes, he was!
The place was very busy when I got here about 10 AM on a Tuesday morning.
The hostess asked me if I wanted a table and I asked if they had a counter.
They do and she took me there immediately.
The counter area was relatively empty.
From where I sat, it  looked like the place was once a pizza joint because of the oven along the wall there.
Regardless, I was given a menu and brought a mug of coffee very quickly.
I then checked out the pancake/waffle section but they all seemed like they'd be larger breakfasts that I wanted to get.
I settled on the Brooklyn Benedict which consists of two basted eggs on an open faced bagel with turkey cubes, spinach, and melted Swiss cheese all topped with Hollandaise.
It was excellent!
You are given a choice of bagel and I opted for the sesame bagel.
The combination of flavors--the turkey, Swiss cheese, and spinach--was wonderful!
The bene also came with potatoes.
I could have had fruit but why spoil a good breakfast?
Coffee was refilled often and I was asked if I wanted a cup to go at no charge.
The staff was very accommodating and service was top notch.
I wouldn't hesitate to return for breakfast here.
It is very good and they have a large variety of breakfast dishes.
This U-Swirl has slowly but continuously gone downhill.
Equipment is often out of order, flavors are not avaialable, flavors don't change very often, but the worst part is that some of the staff just doesn't seem to care.
Last night, the one noticeable employee was on his smartphone when I walked in and got up just long enough to quickly ring me up and then go back to sitting with his phone before I had the lid on the container and started walking out the door.
He also failed to ask for a phone number for their rewrads program and I was on my way home when I realized that.
I guess I/they won't have to worry about that.
There are other frozen yogurt places in the area that U-Swirl is almost passé.
We held our bi-monthly Yelp Book Club meeting at Midtown last night and I was quite impressed.
It's a small place.
It's very nicely designed and very classy looking.
The bar runs along the west side of the room and on the east side, there's a run of booth seats.
There are tables by the booth seats and there are very comfortable stools to sit at the tables.
I had eaten at home and all I wanted was a diet Coke.
The barkeep last night was a very delightful young woman with a tremendous smile and a very welcoming demeanor.
She got my Coke and then some of the members of the group started to arrive.
While I was there, one of the partners in this new business came by and introduced himself and the executive chef stopped by to talk about the menu.
Everyone was very polite, friendly, and accommodating.
It was a pleasant place for us to discuss our book and for those that had food, they enjoyed what they had.
I have uploaded a photo of some meatballs one of the members ordered.
They have a meatball sandwich, but all she wanted was a few meatballs--no bread, no cheese, just the meatballs.
The plate shows how well they complied with her special request.
I'll be back.
I have to try their lobster pizza.
I was disappointed no one wanted to order one to share last night.
This review is for their first preview performance.
I am taking into account this was the first show before an audience.
That being said, what i saw last night was an OK show with some promise.
It's in the PH Showroom on the second floor of Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino.
The show begins with good use of the large LED screen installed for Peepshow years ago.
There's a black and white video of Sydney, Australia with views of the Harbour Bridge and the Sydney Opera House along with some skyline shots.
The video continues until the day turns to night and the lights of the city are on.
That's the beginning of Sydney After Dark.
It's a nice video to introduce the ladies from Australia.
The show starts with lead vocalist and MC, Natalie Conway, singing an opening number and the nine girls coming out from archways on the stage that have hanging crystal lines.
From there, the show continues though a number of traditional topless show scenes.
While not named, I have my descriptors for them--the naughty school girls, the cowgirls with whips, the nurses with the male patient (audience member), a classic showgirl kind of act, and some others.
In between, there are two aerial acts, a woman performing with some silks and another act with a woman doing tease like moves riding in a hoop above the end of the runway center stage.
The women are not topless all the time which is fine.
Except for most of the singing, the music is recorded.
One of the things that needs looking after is transitioning scenes.
The three school girls were almost in their seats when the spots were turned on and two stagehands with their headsets were still on stage from moving the desks into place.
They hurried off the stage.
The transitions need to be done in the dark like all theatre so the lights come up on the women, not stagehands.
This same error happened a second time near the end of the show.
As for transitions, there were times that the people sitting around me and I were not sure an act had ended.
When the dancer(s) started walking upstage and the lights dimmed, we then knew that this section was over but there were times when I wanted to say, "Huh?"
One section that did nothing for me was the sole ballet dancer.
It's not needed and It didn't add any tease or seductiveness to the show.
There was also a number where three ladies dance one behind the other to Indian sounding music and move their arms and legs like Hindu gods are depicted.
My suggestion would be to move the ladies closer to each other to add to the idea of one being having multiple arms and legs.
TIP:  Do NOT buy the most expensive seats in the floor section near the stage.
When the theatre was redone to accommodate Peepshow, three walkways were built out from the main stage and many times the action is taking place behind the person sitting up close.
There were some unaware that there was a woman in a hoop above and behind them until the lights got their attention.
And there are times when those same people turned around to see not topless women but the rears of the topless women.
Be aware of that when you buy.
There are a number of deals available for discount tickets--a Groupon and a code on the Sydney After Dark Facebook page.
The show is OK.
It can be better and it needs to get better if it's going to succeed.
This theatre has chewed up and spit out a number of shows.
This could be just one more.
Four of us met here for a "fast food" kind of dinner as we all had a show to attend after dinner.
Sofrito is in what is called Campus Commons and it's the former waiting area for the car wash/detailing business that was here and closed years ago.
The inside waiting room was converted into small food vendor areas with a common seating area running the length of the building.
Some of the businesses got their start here and moved on while some failed.
On this evening, we ordered:

Alcapurrias - Fried Taro Root filled with Pork
Empanadas con Pollo - Chicken in Puff Pastry
Rellenos de Papa - Potato Balls filled with Ground Beef
Surullitos - Fried Corn Sticks
Maduros - Sweet Plantains
Carne Frita con Tostones - Fried Pork Chunks with Fried Plantains
Tostones al Ajillo - Fried Plantains with Garlic Sauce
Bacalaitos - Fried Cod Fish Fritters
Chuletas Fritas with Arroz con Gandules - Crispy Pork Chop with Puerto Rican Fried Rice
Mofongo - Fried Mashed Plantains
Arroz con Dulce - Cinnamon Rice Pudding with Raisins
Tembleque - Coconut Custard

Standouts for me were the rellenos de Papa, bacalaitos, empanadas, alcapurrias, and mofongo.
On the sweet side, both desserts were very good with the rice pudding being different from the creamy rice pudding you normally get and the coconut custard.
I wish they had some utensils other than plastic but given the type of place the food court is, that's got to be the way to go.
The owner of the business was a delight.
After placing the order, wed had a seat at the less than comfortable, built-in seats of the food court, and she brought our dishes to us with a pleasant smile.
There was a lot of food ordered--a bill coming to $80, but for that amount, we had more than enough for four people.
I'm sure I'll be back to get some Rellenos de Papa and mofongo.
Oh, and I can't forget the rice pudding.
I wanted to update my review.
The bagels I bought were OK, but when they come frozen to be baked locally, it's not a good sign.
I won't be stopping for bagels.
If I go here, I'll go for what DD made their name for - the doughnuts!
Several us got together for Saturday brunch to try a number of items at this relatively new French Bistro of Michael Mina's that took the space where American Fish was.
We ordered:

La Boulangerie--4 breads (pain au raisin, butter croissant, canelé, and kouign amann
Pâté de Campagne
Crudités (complimentary) 
Foie gras parfait
Tarte flambée
Blue crab crèpe
Onion soup
Escargots Bardot
Croque Madame
Hunter's waffle
French toast
Mac and cheese
Parisian gnocchi
Heritage Chicken rôti with mushroom and brioche pudding
Chocolate macaron
Apple tart tatin
Mille feuille

We started with some small baguettes and salted butter.
Of the hors d'oeuvres we ordered, my favorites were the pâté, foie gras, and blue crab crèpe.
The paté had nuts in it that really enhanced the flavor with this wonderful texture.
The foie gras was so easy to spread on the grilled bread and was very tasty.
The gelée topping the foie was thin and didn't inhibit the flavor of the foie from coming through.
I was less than impressed with the escargots.
The presentation is very clever--encasing the snails in puff pastry--but I am more a traditionalist and like them oozing butter as you remove them from shells with lots of butter and garlic.
On to more main course items, the French toast was the star.
This was thick brioche soaked in custard and done to a beautiful brown color.
Served with chive mascarpone and some candied almonds it was simply superb!
Soft, flavorful, and decadent.
The heritage chicken and a nice crispy skin and the chicken was very moist.
Always the fan for desserts, my favorites were the chocolate macaron, large in size, with melted chocolate drizzled over the top before dividing and the mille feuille with wonderful pastry filling between the flaky layers.
The restaurant has all the appearance of a French bistro.
Service was excellent.
We got a mass mailing a couple of months ago for Aranya and decided to try the place yesterday.
I ordered take out over the phone.
The order was taken quickly but I was surprised that I was never asked for a name nor a phone number.
Not a good way of doing business.
We got an order of Thai egg rolls, an order of Garlic with Black Pepper sauce (extra garlic requested), and an order of Red Curry (Gang Dang) chicken.
My wife thought the chicken was OK but not as described.
The menu notes that it's topped with roasted garlic Thai style but it wasn't.
It wasn't topped with the roasted garlic like every other Thai restaurant from which we've gotten garlic pepper chicken.
My red curry with chicken was flavorful.
Their spiciness is done on a 1-4 scale.
I ordered a 3 and it had a nice spice to it.
I also received a small container of ground red pepper to add more spice if I wanted.
I appreciate it when Thai restaurants do this.
The egg rolls were a but greasy something I haven't experienced before when getting them from other places.
Overall, things were OK, but I don't think I'll be going back.
There are way too many other choices that offer better food at a comparable or lesser price.
During my Sunday morning bike rides, I had seen that Rise & Shine was opening a new location close to where I live.
I had been to the original one and I wanted to try this.
I was going to stop the week before but remembering it was Mother's Day and I knew the place would be slammed, I waited a week to go.
I went inside and had my name put on the list and requested a patio table.
When I was taken outside, I was told to pick any place I wanted.
I chose a two top in the sun.
I was left a menu and as I looked at it, my server stopped by and asked about coffee.
I ordered the French press coffee which says 2 cups.
It yielded three plus.
I ordered the S'mores waffle.
It was a waffle with some marshmallow fluff, chocolate syrup, whipped cream, and some Chex cereal for the graham cracker.
With the waffle I was served warm maple syrup with some cinnamon sticks infusing the syrup and two small cups of soft butter.
The waffle was good but I was expecting more marshmallow and less whipped cream, and Chex cereal is not really a good replacement for graham cracker.
Some squares of real graham cracker would have been better.
Service was good but I must note that I don't understand the seating problem this place seems to have.
Evidently, one person write names down, where the person requests to sit, and then hands off the person with a menu to one person who seats people coming in.
The patio was 1/3 full, the interior was about the same, and yet I waited for about 5 minutes before being shown outside.
It just seems like an inefficient system and when they're busy, I can understand the reason for the backup.
One note, if you ride here on your bike--yeah, I know, few of you will--you can lock it up using the boards on the ramp going to the entrance as the anchor for your cable and lock.
I'm glad I tried the new place.
I won't be a regular.
*** This review is for the casino only ***

It has been more than 10 years since I've been here and it looked the same last night as it did 10 years ago.
The casino was not smoky which was a pleasant surprise.
The garage on the north side made access to the restaurant easy.
I got a dinner/show package for Gordon Ramsay Steak and Jersey Boys at a discounted locals' price.
Last night was the night and both were excellent!
I am one of those people who dislikes the public persona of Gordon Ramsay.
I'm not sure I would have come here last night but it was one of the food options and I grabbed for the ring and I got the gold one.
I had a few choices from their menu for each course but it was easy for me to order.
For an appetizer, the British ale onion soup.
For the main course, I chose the 24 ounce bone in rib eye.
And for dessert I ordered the sticky toffee pudding.
I did not order a side, an extra charge, since I would be eating approximately a pound of beef alone.
I had a reservation for 5 PM and arrived shortly before.
A hostess asked me to wait in the lounge area and assured me I'd be shown to my table soon and I was.
Another hostess asked me if I wanted to walk the stairs or take the elevator.
The stairs it was.
She seated me at a small table along the railing which gave me a nice view of the downstairs dining area and a  view of the ceiling with the Union Jack and the neon sculpture.
Coming up the stairs, she explained that the neon was an artist's conception of the movement Ramsay's hands make when he's creating a beef Wellington.
It is very interesting very different.
Richard, one of my servers, brought me their drink iPad.
I politely passed and went with an iced tea.
They only serve bottled iced tea, Republic of Tea, and I was given a choice of three flavors.
The blackberry sage was my choice, a tea I often make at home.
I gave Richard my voucher for dinner and a few moments later, he brought the Ramsay menu and told me my choices for each of the courses.
I ordered the soup and steak first and waited until later to order dessert.
Some bread was brought to my table and the selection was so different than normal.
There were two lemon thyme focaccia squares, one mushroom truffle mini brioche, a pancetta fig mini brioche, and two slices of Stilton walnut baguette.
On the side of the bread plate was a round of English Devonshire butter with Hawaiian volcanic sea salt sprinkled on top.
Yes!
A restaurant that doesn't hide the salt from you.
I did observe a woman at the next table trying to get some butter without getting a single salt crystal so I understand both sides.
The bread was excellent.
I had one slice of the baguette and one mini brioche--the mushroom truffle.
I knew there was a large steak coming and I wanted to leave room.
The onion soup was excellent.
I had some of that soup at Ramsay's Pub at Caesars so I knew what to expect.
Rich broth, tasty caramelized onions, and the two slices of Welsh rarebit on top made for a very good start.
Then a runner brought my steak and it was indeed huge!
It had a Demi-glace with mustard seeds.
The steak was done extra rare as I requested.
It was marbled very nicely and it was very tender.
I sat their thinking I must be some kind of glutton as I kept eating and eating until I was almost completely to the bone.
At home, I would have gnawed on it like a dog, but I let my better manners take over last night.
After bringing me the steak, Carlos, my other server, asked if I wanted any salt or pepper.
He appeared a but later with a plate with two containers--one with ground pepper and the other with sea salt!
A second Yes!
Later, I ordered the sticky toffee pudding.
I also had this at Caesars.
I wanted to compare it to some STP I had the week before at another steakhouse on the Strip.
There is no comparison.
Ramsay's version wins hands down.
It's a moist pudding cake served with toffee in a metal pourer and a stick of brown butter ice cream.
Delicious!
A note on service.
Richard and Carlos were first rate!
They were polite and friendly.
An above and beyond kind of thing happened when I asked Carlos about the types of bread.
He went to the kitchen, got a sheet of paper, and wrote out what they served.
That was really nice of him and it helped me remember the different things on the plate.
At the end of dinner, Richard gave me a business card with their two names on it and I'll keep it for the future because I will be back.
I have to try some more things on the menu.
By the way, Mr. Ramsay, I may change my thoughts about you a bit.
I understand that you're public persona is somewhat of a show for TV and that you're much different--read nicer--when not before the cameras in Hell's Kitchen!
Since the U.S. Forest Service has done a lot of improvements at the Cathedral Rock/South Loop Trail parking area which was also the trailhead for Little Falls, the new, PROPER way to get to Little Falls is this.
Drive up Kyle Canyon Road, SR 157.
When you get to the last curve in the road DO NOT take it.
Rather, go straight ahead on Echo Road the way you'd go to Mary Jane Falls.
In a tenth of a mile, you'll turn to your left into the Echo Trailhead.
There is enough parking here for plenty of cars.
From the northwest area of the parking lot, the trail goes to the base of a hill and then makes a left and you start your ascent.
Part of this first part can be a chest buster, but if you take your time and/or stop for some breaks to catch your breath, you'll make it.
When you get near the top of this first area, do not follow what appears to be a road/trail going off to the right.
Follow the trail sign to the left and you'll come to the Little Falls trail.
When you connect with the Little Falls Trail, make a right and follow it up the canyon until you're at Little Falls.
Unfortunately, with our very dry winter, there is no water coming down at Little Falls this spring.
It's still a nice hike.
I am a season subscriber - going on four years - and I enjoy much of what they do.
Of course, not all plays are written, directed, or acted well, but LVLT does an excellent job.
The mainstage theatre has about 100 seats while the Fischer Blackbox is usually set up for around 45 people.
Blackbox productions tend to be edgier in nature, sometimes doing controversial subjects.
This year, LVLT had their first annual Fringe Festival.
There were 9 plays performed four times over two weekends.
None of the plays was longer than an hour, and the entire fringe was superb!
Go see something at Las Vegas Little Theatre.
It's inexpensive and very entertaining!
I enjoyed my visit to the Da Vinci exhibit yesterday.
There is a lot of reading to do and at first I thought the models might have been made by Da Vinci.
I quickly realized that they were models based on his many drawings.
Nevertheless, I was amazed by the genius of this man.
I started the exhibit with the Last Supper video that shows the restoration done and how it was messed up by earlier restorations.
Then on to see many models of the weapons Da Vinci drew including the world's first armed tank.
Next came the fascinating section on the Mona Lisa, La Joconde.
The separate sets of photos of the yes, the hands, that smile--all of them made my understanding of this painting so much more than I ever imagined.
Finally, I went to the section on his flying machines and worked some of the "please touch" machines.
The exhibit ends with a sculpture of Da Vinci's--the only surviving sculpture of his.
It was made from a beeswax created by Da Vinci that has survived for about 500 years.
The exhibit it a bit pricey being $22 with the locals discount.
It is a small space, but I am so glad it's being used instead of sitting empty.
I really enjoyed my visit!
Me shop at a thrift store.
I think not.
Well, think again.
I did.
I needed to pick up something nouveau riche for a Yelp Elite event this week at Absinthe with a pre-show party at Central.
I went to Savers to look for some outrageous things to wear.
Flashy, bright jacket, frilly shirt, and a great bow tie.
The problem was--they had none of that.
Instead, I ended up with a jacket and shirt (I won't describe it any more than that because I don't want to lose the surprise my fellow Eliters will have when they see me.
Rather than nouveau riche, however, it's more like gaudy, bloody awful!!
The store is really well organized as others have mentioned and it was quite clean.
Check out was a bit slow.
It was also an interesting place for people watching.
It was the first time I ever saw a guy who had permanent sideburns--they were tattoed on.
Wow, different doesn't quite describe it!
Priscilla is a funny, brassy, high energy musical filled with a lot of great songs, bright costumes, and a super cast!
The basic outline--a group of female impersonators travels from Sydney, Australia to Alice Springs in the center of the country.
Along the way, they have various incidents--some funny, some not funny at all!
The story is not deep.
It's just what it needs to be the move the show along.
The thing here is the music and the costumes.
This is a national tour show of Priscilla which was to be at the Venetian until the middle of September, but sadly, ticket sales have not been good and the show is ending July 22nd.
It's sad that a city the size of Las Vegas, the home of Frank Marino and the city where female impersonator Kenny Kerr brought this kind of entertainment to this city, is not supporting this show.
So, if you want to see it, you'll have to go quickly.
The show is just about 2 hours in length, and it's goes by quickly.
You'll be amazed when you look at your watch after the show.
The cast is excellent and the staging is very well done.
And of course, the costumes are over the top.
You'll smile and laugh almost the entire show!
Of the songs other reviewers have listed, none mentioned my favorite--MacArthur Park.
It's also one of the funniest dance routines in the entire show.
Locals, there's a 2 for 1 discount for the remainder of the shows.
Go see it!
The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace is always a fun place to go.
I'm usually going to one of two places - the Apple Store or Max Brenner's.
I enjoy wandering the different areas and people watching.
There is a selection of great stores if this is your type of shopping pleasure.
The stores are for the most part high end, high mark up stores.
I also like going to the newer section and riding the circular escalators.
It was quite nice to see these after the new section opened.
The shows in two areas, Atlantis and the other one, are getting a bit old.
The animatronic people are technology from years ago.
These need to be updated.
All in all, I like just coming here and enjoying the vibe.
It's a great place!
I haven't been to the buffet at the Mirage since before it was renovated and renamed Cravings.
I joined a friend from out of town tonight for dinner.
We were pleased with our dinner.
The design is so much more friendly than the old set up.
The only thing I thought was that the seating looked almost like diner seats but that didn't matter.
There is a wide variety of stations from which to choose.There are: Italian, carving, Rotisserie, Latin, Raw Bar, Fishmonger, Noodles, Chinese, Salad, and Desserts.
Those are the names on the lights at each of the areas.
Standouts tonight were the asparagus, lobster bisque soup--better than what I had recently at a high end Strip restaurant, the ravioli, and the desserts.
I mark them down because their prime rib that was supposed to be rare was more medium than rare even though she cut into a new piece.
I could have told her to cut in the middle, but she took from the end.
The dessert selection was nice.
I had some red velvet cake, a cookie, and the newest serving idea--a chocolate shaped mini tea/coffee cup filled with chocolate mousse and topped with whipped cream.
Service was very good.
In fact I had to stop her from refilling my iced tea so many times because I was going to a show and I didn't want to have to leave in the middle for a bathroom break.
The buffet is priced a little less than the highest rated ones and I can see why.
I can see myself coming back sometime.
I stop here periodically when I need something I forgot somewhere else or couldn't find.
I find their prices to be high compared to other chains unless you happen to hit a sale for the item you want.
The store always seems a bit cluttered and even messy.
There is often stock in plastic boxes on the floor waiting to be shelved.
It's just not a pleasant place.
Well, I gave Gelato Messina a chance and they didn't let me down!!
Having come here a few times since they opened, I have tried a number of their weekly special flavors.
Having a Facebook post daily on my wall with the flavor of the day is so enticing but it is informative.
Tonight I went over and got some #2, peanut butter gelato with brownie pieces and dulce de leche jam.
It was excellent.
I now get a pint which comes in a plastic container in a styrofoam holder so it travels well for short distances.
That's my problem.
GM is only about 1/2 mile from home.
My MO is to wait until 9:30, drive over, get a parking spot on the street, and I'm back home in 10 minutes.
This is as good as it gets,  The staff is very pleasant and I know I'll be back!
The Comedy Club now bills itself as "Sandy Hackett presents the Riviera COmedy Club."
I went last night and Hackett started the comedy after having just finished his 1st floor gig with the Rat Pack Show he runs.
This club closed for a short time, but is now up and running again.
Judging by the turnout last night and the talent of the comedians, the club should be OK as long as tourist numbers keep rising.
I'll go back and see another show.
It was quite good!
And last night was only the 3rd night since the club was reopened.
Review for casino only:

I was at Circus Circus last night to go to their Steak House restaurant.
I had forgotten how large the place is, but coming from the garage in the back, I didn't have to go to the main casino.
I did anyway just to see one of the circus acts.
Roller skating duos must be the rage in Las Vegas with a couple spinning there last night.
The place was cleaner than I remembered from years ago.
It's not a place I'd go except for the restaurant, but it is OK.
*** This review is for the Desert Spring Theatre Arts at Desert Spring Methodist Church ***

I went to see Bye, Bye Birdie yesterday at the church.
I was asked if I'd judge the 6 productions the company is doing during the 2013 season that began with Birdie.
First, the venue is quite nice for doing a theatre piece, but it does have some drawbacks.
The scenery changes had to be done very carefully as there are three steps that go to the floor.
The youngsters and adults who were changing the scenery did so with flashlights so they could avoid a fall--quite understandable but something you don't see with most theatres.
The sound in the church was very good.
With some other theatres in Las Vegas, the person in the sound booth didn't turn on microphones quickly enough and some of the first words were not heard as well because the mic was not yet live.
Given the nature of the "stage the actors did a fine job in moving in and around set pieces.
At times, there were quite a few performers on stage which made the going a little difficult but they pulled it off well.
I look forward to attending the rest of their season.
The church is only 2 miles from my home and it's a pleasure to see the kids do such fine work.
Oh, the adults did a nice job also!
I came here between plays at the Vegas Fringe Festival.
At first I was seated at a table on one side of the restaurant but then one of the servers came and told me the table was too close to one of the large round tables and moved me to a similar table right next to another large round table that had a large number of people there.
It was after 6 PM but I was also given a lunch menu along with the regular menu.
They didn't have iced tea so I just asked for water.
After being moved, I was brought a pot of tea with my water and I ended up having two servers.
I ordered the scallops that were under the House Specialties section.
My server didn't understand what I wanted so I told her the number.
That didn't work either and she took the menu from me and started looking through the pages.
I gently got the menu back and showed her the correct item.
I also asked about a cup of soup but she indicated their soup was only large bowls.
I guess maybe if I had ordered a lunch special, I could have gotten a smaller portion.
A different server then took over and he spoke English.
He brought my dinner and asked if there was anything else I needed.
The scallops were on a bed of crispy seaweed that made a great counterpoint to the flavor of the soy based sauce in which the scallops were wok fried.
They bring you a large bowl of rice.
The menu showed a red pepper next to the dish indicating it was spicy.
It wasn't.
Maybe I got the non-Asian version because the server also brought me a fork before my dinner came.
I did like my dinner but if I come back here, I'll snag one of my Asian friends to order for me and make sure the dish is spicy.
This would be a four star if the ordering had been easier and if the dish was spicier than it was.
On a side note--this was a Saturday night and while I was there, a mini-bus pulled up and 5 of the large round tables were filled with tourists who are taken from the Strip to Chinatown for their dinners.
The place filled quickly and became quite noisy.
The menu is quite extensive and there are other dishes I'd like to try.
It'd be a great place to get a group together and share dishes.
I came back for another show, and the club is as good as before.
The comics are head and shoulders better than other comedy clubs I've been to.
Last night, the headliner was Mike Marino with an opening act by Jimmy Burns.
Both were very, very good!
There were a couple of changes.
Bobby C. was at the piano again last night, but the piano interlude between comics has ended.
Maybe it's to move the show along and get the people out earlier.
This time, they have gone to having a guest host.
This was the case the first time I came here, but not the second.
Now it's back.
Rob Sherwood, a local standup comedian, acts as host introducing the two comics and closing the show.
Service in the showroom is excellent.
I would have given the 5th star if they had maintained the excellent piano entertainment of Bobby C.  between comics.
I bought my ticket last night to see Garrett in mid-September.
He has reduced his own price to the regular pricing rather than having a $20 higher price for his gigs.
This is still THE comedy club in Las Vegas.
I was at the Aria buffet in its first incarnation and I liked it a lot.
I was surprised when some trashed it so much, so I was glad when MGM Resorts announced they were closing the buffet and re-doing it.
Yesterday I had the chance to try it since the redo.
It's basically the same place with a few modest changes and perhaps the addition of a few stations.
First the good--the prime rib was cooked nicely with it being a nice red rare.
The vegetable korma in the Tandoori section was quite good.
The chicken tikka masala was OK, but it needed more spice.
The seafood gumbo was quite nice.
I wish I had noticed the basmati rice in the tandoori section first.
I would have put some rice in the bowl and then added the gumbo.
The cheese bar was very nice with some dried fruit with the cheese.
The desserts were outstanding!!
A few lesser dishes.
The bao sandwich was not good at all.
The lovely steamed roll had dried hard from sitting warming for however long it was there.
The pork in the bun was kind of bland making this a fail choice.
There were some different bread selections but not a wide range to choose from.
The chicken satay was merely OK.
The peanut sauce was way too runny and didn't have a lot of flavor.
When you're paying $36.74 for dinner buffet, the shrimp should be PEELED.
I didn't have any because this is an onerous task for me.
Now the desserts.
While there was nothing exotic or earth shaking, they had some very nice small desserts.
I'm a sucker for meringue cookies and they had a fruit flavored one.
It was delightful!
I also had two of their mini whoopie cookies--one a snowball (chocolate cake with coconut) and one made from red velvet.
The cream filling was very good.
The gelato selection is good and I had the Oreo gelato.
Nice and creamy.
This isn't a buffet to which I'd likely return.
For the price, there are better buffets on the Strip with some very good selections.
Also for the price, I think I'd pay a little more and eat at one of Aria's fine selection of restaurants!
For about three hours, ten or so of us got a lesson on the history of pizza making along with a live demonstration of how to do some by Metro Pizza chef/owner John Arena.
He teaches a semester course at UNLV in this same subject so we got the condensed version.
During the time we were there, he shared with us some history, methodology, good stories, and great food.
Food items we tasted:

Meatball sliders
Pompeii pizza
Sicilian pizza
Grilled pizza with razor clams
Bruschetta with sausage, peppers, and caramelized onions on Semolia
Pasta pie
Steinbrenner calzone
Modesto pizza with sliced mozzi
Brioche gelato--pistachio gelato in brioche buns

There was not one thing I ate that didn't register a high mark from me.
The meatball sliders were moist and the buns were topped with garlic.
Learning how the Pompeii pizza was made thousands of years ago--pre-scoring the dough before baking and then topping it after baking--was very informative and the pizza was quite good.
If I had to pick standouts for the evening, I'd go with the Sicilian pizza and the Steinbrenner calzone.
I like thick crust pizza and the Sicilian here is a thick crust that is soft and not crunchy like some I've had.
Chef Arena described the fermenting of the dough and the twice baking so the dough is soft and the ends are blistered.
The calzone was one of the lightest calzones I've had.
It had very little dough and a proper amount of filling.
This was not a lot of dough with a little filling but the opposite.
Our group had this private lesson and pizza tasting in the Lulu's Bread and Breakfast section of the building.
Helping out with the breads was Chef Chris Decker.
This was a wonderful evening.
While our selection of foods and Chef Arena's lesson are atypical of the normal customer at Metro Pizza, I know that the food is excellent.
It's excellent because of the years of experience Chef Arena has making pizza.
With that experience, he has learned a great deal.
His passion for his craft comes out in both his class and the taste of his food.
We had the good fortune to be taught by a master pizza maker!
*** Review for Restaurant Week August 2014 Menu ***

The Foundation Room has been a place I've wanted to try for awhile and when I saw it on the Restaurant Week listing, I made my reservation for 6 PM.
While the elevator indicates it's on the 63rd floor, it's actually on the 53rd because this hotel does not use floors numbered in the 40s because of the superstitions of some Asian gamblers.
Greeted at the podium, I was told to go to the bar area and they'd come and get me when ready.
I took the time to explore the bar area and its eclectic mix of art.
It's really fascinating, funny, and very comfortable.
I also went out on the terrace to enjoy that marvelous view of the Las Vegas Strip looking north.
Soon the hostess came and got me and led me to my table on the west side of the room.
She gave me the option of sitting nearer the terrace windows but I was fine where she first took me.
Since the sun was still up, the shades were drawn but I still could see the peaks at Red Rock Canyon and Mount Potosi.
Later, the shades were raised for a great evening view.
On to the food.
Bread service was a nice basket and it was accompanied by a tray holding three dishes, one with olive oil and balsamic vinegar, one with garlic hummus, and one with sweet butter.
The hummus was great.
I'd rather have salted butter and there was no salt on the table.
I'll bring a fast food packet(s) with me in the future.
It's really a four course RW meal.
Everyone gets a Foundation Room salad with red wine vinaigrette dressing, teardrop tomatoes, and pine nut brittle.
The pine nut brittle sweetness was a nice counter to the tart vinaigrette.
Next, I chose the chicken tikka skewers served with pineapple ghost chili jam.
The chicken was marinated in yogurt and curry.
The chicken was marvelous with a great spice flavor and the jam was extra spicy which gave this appetizer a real zing to the beginning of the meal.
For the main course, I got shrimp and grits.
The shrimp was served with a chipotle sauce, again spicy and wonderful, and there were jalapeño rings with the dish.
The grits were very good.
This was another winner!
For dessert, I chose the molten chocolate cake.
It took awhile to make but that was OK.  More time to enjoy the view.
When the cake came, it was accompanied by some vanilla bean ice cream with fresh raspberries and two chocolate truffles.
There was little molten to the cake but it was good.
The ice cream was very good and the chocolate truffles were, too!
Service throughout the evening was good.
I was surprised that both a busser and the server left my empty Sweet 'n Low packet on the table but other than that, service was attentive.
This was an excellent Restaurant Week pick!
I have now seen George Wallace's show 3 times.
Many of the jokes and routines are the same.
Much changes from night to night based on his banter with the audience.
He always asks where people are from and makes a comment about being there the day before.
It gets a lot of laughs after people realize what he's up to.
The jokes about people saying stupid things are reruns but they are always very funny.
I especially like his convenience store jokes.
They are so true.
There was something new last night.
He asked if there were any preachers in the audience.
Two people identified themselves as being clergy and they were asked to come to the foot of the stage.
Go see the show to see what happened.
Lesson to potential show goers -- never volunteer information unless you want to become part of the show.
This is a very decent show and very entertaining.
Wallace has a lot of energy.
The show started at about 10:05 and he went to 11:40 without stopping.
You certainly get your money's worth.
This Petsmart usually has its shelves stocked better than the one closest to where I live.
That was the case again today, and I took the opportunity to stock up on things I needed.
The staff was quite courteous.
I wish they'd change places with the store on West Charleston!
I've been going to try one of the Crown and Anchors for sometime and never got to stopping there.
I met friends the other night who suggested this for dinner and off we were.
They have been there several times and could reocmmend things.
For an appetizer, I got a sausage roll, a spiced sausage wrapped and baked in a flaky pastry.
The sausage came sliced and was accompanied by a dish of mustard sauce that was excellent.
It really gave the sausage a nice flavor although it was good without the mustard.
For the mains, all three of us got steak and kidney pie.
This was a first for me and I enjoyed it a lot.
The steak cubes were very tender and the kidney had a very smooth texture and was quite flavorful.
The pie was topped by a flaky crust and it was piping hot.
(Sweeney Todd fans will get that).
With the pie comes mashed potatoes and gravy and a healthy serving of peas.
It turns out to be a large and filling meal.
Service was a little off.
One of my friends ordered water with her drink at the outset and was not brought it until near the end of the meal when she had to ask again.
Also, after being seated, the staff wasn't sure whose table it was until we asked.
I could easily be a fan of the Crown and Anchor but they have to be better with service.
This showroom now known as the LVH Theater, has been home to such famous entertainers as Elvis, Liberace, and many others.
The theatre is the home of some excellent visiting shows.
I went to see a one night only concert by Liza Minnelli tonight.
She was fantastic.
The theatre has been upgraded as far as lighting and sound over the years, but it has become a bit tired in the seating.
The seating needs renovating to bring it into the 21st century and not make you think you're there to see Annette Funicello or even Elvis.
The venue is large.
It seats over 1,500.
There are restrooms and a bar on the side of the theatre and drinks are allowed at your seat.
I'll continue to see shows here.
I have tickets for June for Glen Campbell's stop in Las Vegas on his farewell tour.
It's seems fitting that an older entertainer like him would be performing in this venue, but it brings out the people--including me!
Review for casino only:

First, parking in the east garage is very convenient to the entrance and the buffet.
The casino has wide aisles and is laid out nicely.
There is a good mix of machines.
Since this is on the other side of town, I'm not a regular her, but it is a very  nice property.
I have walked by this restaurant so many times and not really noticed that it was something more than a crêperie or a pizza place.
Then I saw this on Groupon and decided to give it a go.
The meal was OK.  For starters, they brought a bread basket with a small loaf of Italian bread and two breadsticks.
The server poured some olive oil and balsamic onto a dish for dipping.
Since I'm not a big fan of balsamic, which I think is too sweet, I liberally sprinkled my dipping mixture with salt to cut the sweetness.
The bread was fresh and tasty.
I ordered the lobster bisque for an appetizer.
It had a lobster flavor but there were no pieces of lobster to be found.
There were two ravioli on the bottom of the bowl that may have had some type of ground lobster filling but there was no flavor of lobster from the ravioli.
For the main course, I ordered the New York strip steak and frites.
I also ordered a side of wilted spinach.
I ordered the steak black and blue and I specified extra rare.
The meat was done more than that but it was acceptable.
I wish they'd just do black and blue.
You can't un-cook meat but you can heat it some more if it's too rare.
The steak was a bit tough to cut, but it was OK to eat.
Perhaps they need better steak knives?
The spinach came with lots of freshly sliced garlic and was very good.
For dessert, I ordered the crème brûlée.
It was different than I've had before.
My server told me to make sure I spooned to the bottom.
This brûlée had a layer of semi-sweet chocolate on the bottom and then the vanilla bean crème with the glazed top.
There were some blueberries and a 1/2 strawberry on top.
Dessert was very good.
Service was very good.
My server, Frank and his bus person, Umberto, were on top of things.
Iced tea was refilled without asking and Frank came often to check on how I was doing and to see if I needed anything.
I was greeted promptly at the podium and the woman asked me if I had any comp, coupon, Groupon or anything else like that.
When I said Groupon, she told me to make sure I showed it to the server.
At the end of the meal, Frank asked me if I would take a short survey they were doing.
There were at most 10 questions with an excellent to poor scale to rate various aspects of dining at Le Provençal.
It was actually a 32 gb iPod in a large case so you didn't pocket it and walk out the door.
The restaurant is a little pricey.
Comparing it to Mon Ami Gabi, I'd go with Gabi for the entire experience.
I'm glad I gave this place a try.
It was a pleasant experience and a fairly good meal.
Note: If you have a Total Rewards card, almost all items on the menu are discounted by $1 and you get TR credits because the restaurant is owned by CET rather than being a leased operation not owned by the hotel.
I was running errands today and I decided to stop here and experience what some of my friends have been talking about.
It really is a well done tea and coffee shop with pastries too.
I ordered berry black tea, iced and I got some macarons top bring home.
The gentleman asked if I wanted a stamp card and he spread the cards out so I could choose the one I wanted.
I wrote my name on it and hung it on the wall.
He then told me to sit anywhere and he'd bring the things to me when they were ready.
I sat at a low seat near two primary desks/seats from an old school.
It reminded me of the desks I'd seen for so many years as a teacher when I was in the elementary school.
In a short time, the gentleman brought me a tray with a pot of hot berry tea and a glass with ice.
He told me if I needed any more ice or hot water that I was just to ask.
Later, he came back to ask if I needed any more hot water and I asked for some more ice.
The tea was very tasty.
Serving the tea in the small wooden tray with a leaf and wind up toy was really a nice touch.
Edit:  While I was drinking my tea, the gentleman came over with the macarons I had ordered.
They were placed in two bags with a nice sticker closure.
They are very tasty.
I tried one--all right--I tried a couple.
The chocolate especially stands out.
The only drawback for me today was the fact I was there alone.
This is definitely a place where you want to come with a friend or friends--maybe even sit in the VW canvas bus.
It's a place where you share conversation, play a game, or enjoy a pastry with someone else.
I really like the way the place is decorated.
So many nostalgic things.
Thanks to Paolo's girl friend and Brian for the translation of the name.
I'll be back to get my stamp card off the hook and I'll come with a friend.
I need to find someone who wants to share some honey toast.
It looks so good.
Almost enough for three people.
I read the reviews on Yelp, but I was glad I reread them before attempting to find the place.
It is in the convenience mart called Sparky's at the corner of Twain and Durango.
Had I not read that, I would have been driving back and forth and wondering where Thrifty's was.
I ordered a 2 scoop cup of coconut pineapple.
I do like the fact they have so many flavors.
The ice cream was good, but I didn't think it was anything special that would cause me to come back here for that.
What will bring me back is they make a cookie sandwich from any ice cream you choose.
Now that's intriguing and I'll have to try that sometime.
There is a lot going on here that is good but the negatives pull the rating down.
Four of us gathered here and ordered extensively from the menu.
Items ordered:

Onion bhajji
Vegetable pakoras
Aaloo jeeraa
Garlic naan
Chicken fry momo
Dhindo
Tandoori mixed grill
Tandoori roti
Paneer kulcha
Goat bhootan
Kheer
Suji haluwaa
Papadam served with mint and tamarind chutneys (house provides)

The standouts were the onion bhajji, aaloo jeera, dhindo, and goat bhootan.
The potatoes of the aaloo jeera were nicely seasoned.
The dhindo is an interesting dish of millet stirred with hot water that comes out looking like a mound of not so good looking dark mashed potatoes.
By itself, there's not much flavor, but the goat bone soup, mustard greens, and spicy ginger served with it gave it a great flavor--especially the goat bone soup.
The goat bhootan was one of my top picks of the restaurant  The dish consists of goat stomach, liver, intestine, and lung.
The liver was especially flavorful.
A do again dish.
Another pick was the onion bhajji while the vegetable pakoras were good but standard for any Indian restaurant.
The negatives for Saino come from the service and the billing.
We had to ask for water refills, there was a language problem at times, being out of stock on one of the few desserts, and last but not least--being charged for items not ordered and not delivered a fact I noticed when I got home.
The dessert we ordered that they were out of was charged anyway.
We ordered steamed momo and we got fried instead of steamed.
That may have been a language problem but we were charged for both steamed and fried.
We had not ordered the fried.
In addition, the restaurant was uncomfortably warm with thermostat turned quite high and the few ceiling fans not able to keep the place within comfort zone for me.
I do want to go back and see what the lunch buffet is like and the items I mentioned above as my favorites are worth a return for them.
I'll be more careful before paying the next time.
I needed to get some new dish towels and I decided to check here.
They had a fairly good selection but the prices were Triple B prices--too much.
I walked around the store and looked at the other items they had.
You never know.
The store is about the same as it was when it first opened and I was getting things for our house.
After a quick look around the store, I left and got some nice towels elsewhere at a reasonable price.
I've always found the employees to be quite pleasant.
The Choreographers' Showcase, a joint production of Nevada Ballet Theatre and Cirque du Soleil, held its 6th annual show yesterday at the  Mystère Theatre.
The theatre is almost a complete semi-circle in shape and almost every seat in the house is a good one.
I wouldn't want to be on the extreme right or left for a show there but you still good see well.
The stage is very large and allows a program such as the Choreographers' Showcase to spread out and take advantage of the turntable front of the stage.
I have seen Mystère here several times and the place is great!
I had to see Dr. Henry for a more important problem.
I broke a bone in my foot and he performed the surgery that ended up with me having a pin in my foot for six weeks.
I appreciate his expertise and I'm glad I came to a specialist instead of going to an orthopod.
This man knows feet.
His personality is first rate, too.
He always has a smile and a hearty laugh.
I recommend him highly!
Over the last 8 years, I have hiked this canyon probably 15 or more times.
I do it as a loop starting at the parking area at 33 Hole along Lakeshore Road at Lake Mead.
As you enter the 33 Hole area, turn left at the first side road and go to that parking area.
There's a bathroom along the way in and a picnic table close to where you park.
From the picnic table, take the steep trail down the hill.
Go across the bottom where Lake Mead used to be and cross over a small ridge.
After that ridge, turn left following the trail up the wash into White Owl Canyon.
From here, you'll go through two sets of drainage pipes under the new and old roads that go along the lake's shoreline.
In between, you'll pass through a meandering slot canyon of layered mud hardened and formed by water over thousands of years.
Always keep your eyes both toward the top of the canyon and along the bottom.
On the top, we often see an owl who'll be watching us as we near a nesting area.
On the bottom of the wash, look for owl pellets--the bones and fur of animals the owls have eaten and then regurgitated.
They cannot eat again until they rid themselves of this waste.
As you look up, you'll also see some areas where the owls have nested over the years.
I always do this hike as a loop.
After the second tunnel, I climb out of the wash to the old road and walk that north for about a mile before following another wash that leads back through a tunnel and connects with the Lakeshore Trail and then follow that back to the steep hill to the car.
Over the years, I've seen the lake's water level drop and ride--but mostly drop--until now the one area is totally dry.
It's sad to see how the level has dropped and the egrets and heron are no longer near the trail.
I find this to be a relaxing time with nature and it's a hike I've done by myself when I want to be alone and enjoy in a very quiet way.
After our hike at the Wetlands, we came here for our after hike snacks and drinks.
The park is very nice and new.
This used to be just an area you pulled in to park with a dirt lot.
Now there's a large parking lot with several picnic tables and benches and bathroom facilities.
The tables are mostly shaded but that depends on the sun and the time of year.
It was a pleasant place to spend our after hike time and plan our hike for next week.
There are two trails leading from the parking area.
One of them splits into a third and they end at an unpaved trail that is the south section of the Wetlands Park Loop Trail.
You can take any of these trails from the picnic area to the Nature Center at the Wetlands Park and then come back here for a picnic.
It would be a nice family outing!
I stopped here to use the ATM.
This is not my normal place, and I dislike the parking area and the in and out nature of the traffic of Sahara.
It was OK for what I needed but it's generally out of my way and I don't stop here.
I have not met Dr. Miller.
I go there now because Dr. Canfiled retired from his practice and sold it to Dr. Miller.
The dental hygienist was the same and she does a fine job.
I recently found this place on Yelp and decided it was a must try.
Before leaving the house last night, I saw a Yelp friend had just checked in.
When I got there, I joined his wife and him as they finished up and I ordered.
The chips were standard fare but the salsa was very good because it had a good spiciness to it which I like.
For an appetizer, I ordered three shrimp empanadas and for the main course I got the carnitas platter.
I also got a Diet Coke which was served in the can with a straw.
My error was in ordering the two things at the same time or not specifying that I wanted the empanadas first and then the main.
Instead, both dishes were brought at the same time.
The empanadas were very hot (temperature).
The carnitas were lukewarm at best and the food was plated on a cool dish making the beans, rice, and carnitas all not very hot.
This is so different than most Mexican restaurants where you sometimes can hardly touch the hot plates.
The empanadas were the star of my meal.
They were very tasty with a good amount of shrimp pieces in each one.
The green sauce that accompanies them was excellent.
Another spicy sauce that helped make this dish a winner.
Unfortunately, the carnitas were a fail.
The meat was dry and I need to put some Tapatio on for flavor and for moisture.
The beans and rice were standard.
I was going back and forth between my appetizer and my main course at the same time and this detracted from the enjoyment of the meal aside from the temperature problems with the carnitas noted above.
The servers were very friendly and helpful.
As other reviewers have noted, this is a small, hole in the wall restaurant that doesn't seat a whole lot of people at one time.
I joined my friends and there was an extra bit of wait for service--my fault because I didn't stop anyone to let them know I wanted to order.
When brought a menu, it had dripped salsa on it in two places.
There was live music last night with two talented guys.
It was however very loud.
We really had to speak loudly to each other to be heard.
If I come back, it would be for a shrimp cocktail that looked very good (the neighboring table ordered one) and I'd come back for the empanadas.
Finally, you shouldn't have difficulty finding this restaurant if you go to the Charland Plaza at the corner of Charleston and Maryland Parkway.
Just go in the door under the open sign and you won't enter the beauty shop as I did.
As one group was leaving, another friend on Yelp stopped to introduce himself!
Yelp, you're amazing!
I stopped here to use their ATM.
The Wells Fargo app showed me this was closest to where I was.
Being at night, I parked and went for the front door to use my card for entry.
This location doesn't have that feature nor is there an outdoor ATM that faces the street.
Instead, you have to go down a narrow driveway behind the bank--not one of the safest places to get cash at night.
Being cognizant of my surroundings, I got the cash I wanted and then left.
It was convenient, but I do like the other way of unlocking the front door where you're in a mores secure, lighted area.
A-OK--barely.
I had dinner at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant and I followed it up with a trip up the tower itself.
It was just after Paris Las Vegas opeend that I first went up the tower.
That was during the day and I liked the view a lot.
Now with the chance to go at night when it wasn't crowded wasn't something I was going to pass up.
They have a locals special of 2 tickets for $17.
Since I was alone, they gave me a ticket good for the other ride and also good for up to a year.
Now I'll go back sometime during the day and see the city that way.
There weren't many people at the top, but those that were there congregated at the side facing the Bellagio.
They were waiting for the next fountain show to get photos.
I didn't want to stand there and just wait and eventually I got to the opening in the fence to take some photos and then move on.
I spent a lot of time just looking at the lights in all directions.
It's especially nice to see the High Roller at the Linq which always gets my attention when I'm driving when I can see it.
I'd recommend this tower ride and view to any tourist visiting our fair city!
My thoughts about Tom Colicchio's Heritage Steak are about how good the appetizer was and how ordinary the rest of the meal was.
I wanted to try one of the heritage steaks but when I didn't want the bone in 18 ounce ribeye--just too much food--and my server suggested I go with the regular ribeye, a smaller cut.
For a starter I ordered the charred octopus that's so highly recommended by the reviews.
For dessert, I had to try the S'mores Fritters.
I was brought a bottle of still water in a Heritage Steak labeled bottle.
There was no charge for bottled water as I feared.
I also ordered an iced tea.
Both drinks were a bit slow in being brought but it was OK_I was in no hurry.
A runner also brought me a bread basked of two rolls and a small plate with a round of butter with cracked salt on half of the round.
The appetizer was superb!
The appetizer size was just right and the octopus was perfectly cooked.
It had a nice zing to it from the red peppers that were on top.
It was a grand way to start the meal.
My steak came next and I was taken aback by the way it looked.
Here was a nice piece of beef that had a glop of something on it.
As it turned out, it onion-balsamic relish and roasted onions, but it looked so odd.
I wondered who came up with this plating idea.
I had asked for the steak to be cooked blue.
The server asked if I wanted it charred on each side blue or just blue and not charred.
I wanted just blue.
It was cooked beyond this and it soon went to a medium rare rather than even rare.
For dessert I had the S'mores fritters.
This was an OK dessert but there was nothing special about the deconstructed S'more.
It's a cute idea, but what it turns out to be are three doughnut hole-like chocolate rounds, several dots of marshmallow that are flamed brownish, and some gelato on Graham cracker crumbs.
The gelato was supposed to be Graham cracker flavor, but it really had little flavor of its own.
The taste of Graham came from the crumbs beneath the gelato.
Service was generally very good.
Someone was around to refill my water glass with the bottled water and dirty plates were removed quickly.
The only hiccup was a wait for a second iced tea.
I was underwhelmed by the meal.
It was OK and the appetizer was more than that.
It just wasn't up to the highest standards I would expect of this celebrity chef.
End of review and beginning of side story:

After I took a photo of something during the early part of my meal, I noticed a flash go off in my direction and a woman had snapped my photo with her iPhone.
She was with a party of four and she said she wanted a photo of someone really enjoying their job.
Later when my meal was complete, she came over and sat across from me and asked if I was a food critic or a "Yelpie."
I proudly stated that I was a Yelpie.
She then went on to talk about the meal and ask my thoughts.
When I pretty much said what I wrote here, she talked about her steak which was supposed to medium rare came out raw.
She sent it back and the second one was correct.
I had noticed that she was eating while her husband and the other couple had finished and their plates were cleared.
She suggested that I try the Cowboy Steak at another restaurant, one very close to Heritage Steak.
The four of them thought it was a great steak.
End of side story.
I had little help today when trying to buy replacement smoke alarms.
I finally gave up and walked out the door.
I'll buy from a supplier online.
I stopped here to meet a friend from out of town that I was taking on a hike at Lake Mead.
Excellent service.
Very pleasant baristas.
Quad espresso over ice.
It was great!
The fall theatre season has started at UNLV so I stopped here for dinner last night and had a great meal.
I did their Thursday Special of the Day, Barbicoa.
For $12.95, you get soup of the day - in this case it was an excellent cream of mushroom, the barbacoa, cubes of pot roast that are cooked in Mexican spices, rice, and whole beans.
When I asked about the spiciness of the barbacoa, the waiter said it was a red sauce with a little spice.
When informed that I liked spicy food, he said he'd tell them to make it spicier.
He did, it was, and boy did I like it.
Extra red cili seasonings gave a zip to the dish.
The beans were also well spiced and had some wonderful cotija cheese for garnish.
The rice was standard Mexican restaurant rice--nothing terribly good nor bad about it.
You also have your choice of flour or corn tortillas.
Service was excellent as usual.
This is a great place to eat, but it's a bonus when you an have a quiet, enjoyable, and reasonably priced meal before heading east on Flamingo to get to UNLV.
I have been getting together for lunch with a friend who moved to Nevada this spring.
This time, I made the drive easier for him by meeting in his hometown, Boulder City, at the Southwest Diner.
We were immediately greeted and seated.
Our two iced teas were brought in alrge Mason jars and we began to talk about hikes and bike rides and dawdled with the menu.
Our server came back for the order and we were at all ready.
Time to get on task.
When she came back the second time, we were ready to order.
I went with the California sandwich which the menu describes as fresh turkey, bacon, tomatoes and cheddar cheese on grilled sourdough.
It comes with a choice of sides and I stayed with the traditional French fries that I normally get.
We didn't wait very long when she came back with our sandwiches.
I liked that the sandwich was made with pulled apart turkey rather than being made with some lunch meat turkey.
These were serious pieces of cooked turkey.
The sandwich was good.
I was pleased that we had chosen somewhere different because I've been at another BC restaurant a whole lot of times and it was good to have something different to choose from.
I like the bric à brac that decorate the walls to give it an old time look.
I have stopped at this Starbucks several times when I've been in this area.
It's not too far from the 15 for a fairly quick off and back on.
The outlet is a regular Starbucks box with the normal pastries and the normal interior.
The staff today was quite competent.
We had leisurely drinks before going to a show at CSN Cheyenne Campus.
I have been a member of AAA for over 40 years.
This office is the closest to where I live.
I agree with J.D.
's list of "I can't"s so I'm a member.
I've been here for some tour books, but the reason I came today was to renew my car's registration for another year.
This office has a DMV kiosk.
I stopped and had the car smogged a few minutes before and then I drove to the AAA office.
I scanned my renewal registration card, answered a few questions using the touch screen, and I left in about two minutes with my new plate sticker.
No online renewal, no waiting in the mail, just pure convenience.
That's 5 stars in my book any day!
I stopped in for a side salad and a Shamrock shake.
They were all out of Shamrock shakes and there was a week to go before St. Patrick's Day.
Disappointment!
The side salad was just what I wanted to take home and I was out and on my way quickly.
This is a bit out of the way because you have to go north of Sahara to get to it and then back to go west on Sahara.
This is a backup outlet only if I'm in the area.
I attended a Yelp event at Bobby's Burger Palace shortly after it opened and I've been intending to get back there.
My wife had never been there so we went last night.
We valeted at Mandarin Oriental and had a short walk to the back door.
The restaurant was fairly empty at 5:15.
The only people in line were Clark County firefighters from the local house by Vdara.
I got a bleu burger and my wife got a Miami burger .
We each got an order of regular fries as iced tea.
My burger was done rare and my wife's medium.
My burger was very juicy--my wife's less so but that's what happens when you cook it too much-the way she wants it.
The fries were good and I could become addicted to the chipotle mayo served with them.
Service was quite good.
Different servers asked about iced tea refills and plates were removed in a timely manner so we could munch on our fries.
I wouldn't do this too often when I have a better choice near home, but when near CityCenter, the MO valet option makes this a place that will be on our list once in awhile.
On the way back from DTLV, I stopped at Nittaya's for linner.
It was about 1 PM and during the time when the lunch specials were in effect.
$11 for a variety of lunch dishes that includes a pot sticker, and salad, and the dish of your choice from the list of noodle or rice dishes.
I opted for the green curry chicken with rice.
The menu had a notation that the dish was one of their spicy dishes--just what I wanted.
They did not ask for a hotness number I wanted such as a scale of 1-5 or 1-10.
It was made the way they make it.
First up, I was brought a pot sticker and a small salad.
The pot sticker was OK.
Nothing special and a bit soft on the bottom from the sauce on/under it negating the frying of the dumpling.
The salad was great with the flavor of rice wine vinegar being very prevalent.
The curry was very good and I was surprised that it had the zing it had.
Most places that indicate a dish is spicy with a small pepper or some other notation aren't really my spicy level--they're too mild.
This had a bit of zing.
More would have been better but this was OK.

Service was good throughout.
I had never been here before, so when I walked in and saw the bar, I sat there because I was dinging solo.
It was only after my eyes got acclimated to the darkened interior that I realized there were two rooms.
It's quite a nice restaurant.
Service was very good.
As other reviewers have mentioned, the lunch special pricing at $11 is higher than other Asian restaurants doing lunch specials and I didn't see anything different about the quality of my lunch compared to other places I've been.
Nittaya's is worth another try for the evening menu.
There are some good sounding items I need to taste.
I was surprised how much I liked this restaurant.
It is one of the best of the Tex/Mex restaurants in off Strip casinos.
I didn't order a starter because I knew I'd eat enough in chips and salsas to make up for that.
My server, Celina, was at my table quickly to take my iced tea order and it was quickly brought.
It was also refilled without asking several times during dinner.
I ordered the carne asada with it cooked rare.
When the meal came, I was stunned at the size of it.
There were refried beans, rice, grilled peppers and onions, sour cream, guacamole, and pico, tortillas, and a large amount of perfectly cooked rare steak.
On the back of the platter was a whole Mexican street corn cob.
The beans and rice were standard.
The street corn was good but the star of the show was the carne asada.
The meat was rare and tender and I enjoyed it very much.
I had so much to eat I was rethinking my need to get dessert.
Well, that thought went by the wayside quickly.
I ordered coconut flan.
This was the only let down of the menu.
The flan was a little heavier and not as soft as one normally gets.
Also, I could only discern a small coconut flavor in the flan itself.
The coconut flavor came from the coconut spread on the dish.
The caramel topping was just overwhelming.
It detracted and overpowered the flan rather than adding to the flavor.
It was also a reason why the coconut in the flan just didn't come through.
Service was very good between Celina and a runner who was there with iced tea and ready to be of help.
I really enjoyed this spur of the moment trip to the Silverton.
I was going to try Chef Keller's restaurant when it was Fleur de Lys, but I never got there.
Finally, I went to the new concept, Fleur, a small plate menu that is quite creative.
I'll mention my server right in the beginning.
Kathleen was perfect.
She helped explain the dishes when I had questions, she recommended certain dishes as potential tries, but she wasn't in the business of pushing more plates.
She was great!
After telling me most people order three, she suggested I try two and see how much that filled me up and decide then.
For starters, I ordered the white onion soup velouté and the tarte flambée.
The onion soup was excellent.
It was very good and the velouté gave it a different taste but there was still the flavor of onion coming through nicely.
The I got the tarte flambée.
It's a flatbread with bacon, asparagus, truffle, crème fraiche, and and onion.
This, too, was a tasty small plate and quite a different take on standard flatbreads.
I wasn't full yet, so I stayed in France--the menu is divided into different countries--and I got the seared foie gras with braised beef cheek and shallot jus.
This was outstanding.
The foie gras was excellent.
I've only had one other foie gras that would hands down beat this one.
I still had a little room, so I just had to order dessert.
The menu lists exotic panna cotta.
This was a small glass jar with a layer of pineapple panna cotta on the bottom and then a layer of coconut.
On top was some fresh fruit, some coconut and some crisps that gave the dessert a wonderful texture.
This was a very pleasant dining experience.
It's amazing how quickly small plates can add up when you get your bill.
The only thing I'd change about the place was the music.
What it was, I have no idea.
It was really bad.
Since I was dining alone, perhaps I heard it more than if I were there with someone and talked through it.
In any case, it's not good.
I'm generally here two times a week before/after hikes.
The crew at this outlet are competent and friendly.
Sometimes, the line gets a little long, but it's not a major factor.
They used to have a really large seating area, but Albertson's recently redid some of their retail space and now that area is gone and is just a small area along the front wall.
Sitting on the patio is great.
It's always covered and the tables all have umbrellas.
Even in winter it's usually very pleasant to sit out and people watch.
I try to avoid post offices because of their long lines.
That happened again today, but I was prepared.
I bypassed the line and went to the do-it yourself package meter and was out of here in a matter of minutes.
Still, if I can print postage at home and just drop a package off at a nearby mailing center, I'm happier.
I have to give the Postal Service two thumbs up for adding these machines.
I've been to the MGM Grand Garden Arena for several concerts.
Most recently, I was there for the Stevie Wonder, Songs in the Key of Life Performance.
The arena itself is OK.
I had seats in the second section from the stage in the 5th row off the stage.
They were good seats.
I've also been here when I was at the turn in the horseshoe of seating and the seats were painful to get in and out of.
In addition, I needed the Hubble Telescope to see the performers.
The ushers were helpful, Metro was accommodating with approving my camera (the screener at the metal detectors thought it needed special attention).
One complaint, if TM and AXS are going to encourage electronic tickets on smartphones, have more than one line where your entry can be scanned.
It's absurd to move all of us who are not wasting paper to go to one line to get in.
Even the Las Vegas Academy High School can scan smartphone and paper.
The arena is always clean--well to start the evening.
Getting out is now a lot easier after the near stampede following one of the large prize fights.
Walk up to the plaza level, go through one of the doors that says exit to stairwell, and down the steps and outside and you're close to the garage.
Generally they don't let you come in this way unless you have floor/VIP seats.
It is the way Mike Tyson came in Saturday night.
I have seen Matsuri four times beginning with their time at the Riviera and then the Sahara.
I have not yet seen the show at the IP, but I don't doubt that it's just as good as ever.
I dare you to watch this show without smiling and/or laughing.
These young performers are excellent, and they give 110% to put on a great show.
I don't think anyone would leave this show not being impressed with what they had seen.
I knew that somewhere near the M Resort was the ranch where the lions that used to be transported to and from the MGM Grand's Lion Habitat lived.
Today, I went with some freinds from out of town and saw the lions.
There are 40 adult lions and 7 cubs.
Two of the cubs are small enough that you can pay ($30) to have your photo taken with them.
You can touch the fur up to the back of the neck, not forward of it, as some women who had the photo taken told us.
Admission to the ranch is $20 per person.
There are tours that cost more and you can do a trainer for a day which sets you back about two meals at Joël Robuchon.
We were there at 11 AM when the gate rolled back and you're given entrance to the parking lot.
You sign a waiver, pay your money, and go on your way on a walking tour of the pens.
Today was one of the warmest days so far this spring and the adults pretty much were just lying around.
The cubs, on the other hand, were quite active because a handler was in their pen with them and was playing with them.
He'd throw a large ball and they'd chase it and each other.
It was quite fun and the handler was an employee of the company for several years so he had a lot of knowledge to impart.
He readily answered questions.
Very personable guy.
After about an hour and a half, we had seen about all we wanted.
I would give this a full five stars if they'd let me get in and play with the cubs, too, but alas that won't happen!
After a day trip to Death Valley, I needed to make a quick stop and get something for my wife for dinner.
I live close by to this Capriotti's so I opted for a stop here.
I have never been to a Capriotti's before so the sandwiches and operations were foreign to me.
There was a short line but I soon got to the front.
I ordered a small Capastrami.
The person at the register was polite and knowledgeable.
I took a seat and waited as I saw the people who ordered in front of me get their sandwiches.
After a short wait, my name was called, I retrieved the sandwich, and I was home in less than 5 minutes.
My wife gave the sandwich her approval but she prefers her tried and true at a different sandwich place.
I'll have to give it a try again and see if there's a different item on the menu that she'd like better.
I met a friend for lunch here yesterday.
We went into the main room with the sushi bar and were seated at a two top table.
Our server, Mariah, was there quickly with menus, took our drink orders, and brought us our iced teas quickly.
She answered the questions we had about items we were considering.
We order two sushi rolls and two side dishes.
The sushi rolls were the standard California roll and a Lava Lover roll which the menu describes as a spicy tuna cucumber roll topped w/ cajun ahi, chili paste & garlic ponzu.
Both rolls were good.
The more interesting of the two was the Lava Lovers roll.
It was not very spicy and carried just a small kick--wasabi being a good addition to the heat for me.
The two sides were mochiko chicken and teriyaki beef.
This was only the second time I had mochiko chicken and I liked it better than the first time I had it elsewhere.
There was not sweet sauce on the chicken.
Rather, it was served plain which was good.
The teriyaki beef was good with a topping of sesame seed for decoration and a small amount of flavor.
We couldn't leave without some dessert.
My friend ordered mango mochi and I got the malassada sundae.
My sundae was very good.
The malassada and the ice cream may have been overkill calorie wise, but ti was very tasty!
I checked out their case and I know where I can buy poke in the future without having to drive to North Las Vegas where I got it once before.
Island is a solid place for sushi and other items from the Pacific.
I just got in from visiting a neighbor who's in the nursing facility section of Las Ventanas.
His wife took me on a tour of the whole facility and it is quite nice.
The dining room looks like something in a fine restaurant.
Looking at the menu for tonight's dinner and tomorrow's Father's Day brunch made me almost ask if I could stay and try the place out.
No, not really.
There's a snack area, and the exercise facility was well stocked.
I talked with a friend who lives here.
He and his wife happened to be in the pool.
It's small but very nice and meets the needs of the residents.
If you have to live in a facility for older persons with health needs this would be a good choice if it fit your budget.
It certainly is beautiful.
A new concept for a restaurant?
No, it's a hiking route in Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area.
It's July 5th, and many places are closed, including my gym.
Off to Red Rock this morning hiking.
I parked in the lot where the horse trailers park at the exit from the Scenic Drive.
The hike starts from just inside the exit gate by the parking lot.
The trail was made by horse riders.
It heads toward the Potato Knoll, also known as Wilson's Pimple, the high mound at the base of Mount Wilson.
The trail goes across two dry creek beds, past some petrified wood, and around the back of the Knoll.
When you get to the back of the Knoll, you can take a side trail to the top of the Knoll and get a great view.
Follow the trail around the base of the Knoll and you can't get lost.
It's always good to have a GPS unit with you, and always bring plenty of water when you hike.
It's a desert out there, you know!
An alternative way of doing this hike would be to park at the Oak Creek parking area along SR 159 and hike back to the Knoll along the Oak Creek trail.
Circle the base of the Knoll and then head back.
The hike is about 5 miles and it took me 2 hours.
There is an elevation gain of only about 150 feet.
It's very gentle.
The photos I have posted are the ones I took today.
If you have any questions about the hike, send me a message.
Happy trails!
I've been to Mint 8 times about half the time for lunch buffet and half for dinner.
Tonight, we stopped for dinner to try their new menu.
NOTE:  They have many new items on the menu and they continue to have their original items.
The first page of the new menu is the Inferno menu.
All dishes on this page are made with ghost peppers.
You have to sign a waiver before eating from this menu our server RS told us.
There's one challenge that if you finish, you get your photo on their Wall of Fame and you get a $50 Mint gift card for future use.
I don't think it's accepted by any hospitals.
(Michael K, this might be something you'd want to try!)
In addition, the new menu has soups and salads and appetizers of various kinds.
There are so many things to try it seems like a good UYE with 5 or 6 people to share the items.
For tonight, I chose the Vertical Vindaloo with lamb.
The menu change also allows you to order vindaloo and choose the protein you want--cheese, lamb, veggies, goat (bone in), swordfish, shrimp--and you choose your spiciness from 1 to 10.
I chose 
7 and I could have had more spice.
8 or 9 next time.
My wife ordered the Maharaja Tikka Masala with chicken breast (again choice of protein similar to the vindaloo).
She chose a spiciness of 3.
We also got an order of buttered garlic naan.
Everything was excellent!
The vindaloo had good spicy flavor and the sauce was very flavorful.
There were cut potatoes in the sauce, too.
My wife enjoyed her dinner and she also expressed that it could be spicier.
Wow, are we going to 4 or 5 next time?
What happened to my gabacha?
The naan was the tastiest we've had here.
It wasn't quartered like other times but served in one large round that we tore apart.
After dinner, she got khir and I pistachio kulfi.
I've had the khir before and while good, I wanted to try something different.
The pistachio ice cream was really, really good.
I asked RS if it was made in house or could I go to the Indian store and get it out of the freezer.
Sure enough, it's made in house.
There goes that idea for a repeat.
RS was quite a pleasant server!
He refilled my iced tea when I was getting low and he gave us chance to look over the menu with no hurry and then was ready to answer any questions.
I have a couple of other Indian restaurants to try, but for me, either for lunch buffet or dinner, Mint tops all the others.
It is very good!
Hemenway Park is a place I often stop in the summer especially with friends from out of town so I can show them the wild bighorn sheep that like to come down from the hills and eat some of the nice grass in the park or just chill in the shade of the trees when its in the 100s.
Our hiking group stops here for our après hike snacks and drinks.
There are several pavilions with metal picnic tables.
There used to be a water fountain for the public, but Boulder City removed it because the bighorn had learned to get drinks of water and it created a health hazard for children who are often in the park playing.
We were at the park once when the Nevada Division of Wildlife was darting the bighorn and when they went down, they took blood samples, weighed them, and did other medical tests.
Collars were attached and the bighorn's brief captivity ended with an antibiotic shot and a reversal shot for their dart sedative.
It was like being part  of a National Geographic special.
From the park, you have a great vista of Lake Mead and the marina area.
This is a great spot to stop and just chill for awhile or look for the animals.
It is so worth the stop!
I've had three meals at Japanese restaurants in the last two weeks and this one was the best.
The food was great and service was outstanding!
I made a 5 PM reservation because I wanted to have plenty of time to do one of the omakase options and I wanted to have enough time before the 7:30 show at the Colosseum.
Matthew was my server.
He explained the menu to me after I was seated and then he answered questions I had about the omakase and the time requirements.
I ended up with the Signature omakase which consists of 7 courses plus dessert.
Two hours later, the meal was over and it was excellent.
Course 1 was a vegetable temaki.
Thin, long pieces of vegetables in very tasty nori.
Course 2 was the Nobu sashimi salad.
I don't remember the names of the different fish for several of the courses.
Suffice it to say that the salad was plated nicely and the fish selection was good.
Course 3 was the sushi course with nigiri sushi.
Besides the sushi, there was a cube of crispy rice topped with salmon tartare and some roe.
I was advised to eat the sushi from left to right.
Everything was excellent and the crispy rice finish was superb!
Course 4 was the last cold course.
It was called the tartare course and there was a salmon tartare in the center in a homemade ponzu sauce, yellowtail to the left, and a whitefish ceviche.
The courses represented the chef's time in South America and had excellent flavors.
I was advised to eat the tartare first.
I was given a small serving spoon to carefully spread the roe on top and then advised to dip straight down and have some roe, tartare, and sauce with each bite.
Excellent.
Then it didn't matter which side I ate but they advised that is save the yamamomo, Japanese mountain peach, for last to transition to the next course.
Course 5 was the first hot course and it was black cod miso wrapped in a leaf and opened by the server at the table.
The fish was superbly cooked and was very tasty.
Course 6, the second hot course, was beef tenderloin with enoki mushrooms and an asparagus spear.
It was brought with a napkin covering the top to protect the server as he lifted the top off the cast iron pan.
It was steaming it was so hot.
The flavor was marvelous!
Course 7 was back to a cold course.
This was a small serving of green tea noodles in a delightful sauce.
Dessert was a bento box with a chocolate cake with a scoop of green tea ice cream and some fresh berries.
It was a fairly light and delicious way to end the meal.
The time passed quickly, the food was great, and the service matched.
The restaurant became quite busy.
I really give this place 4.5 stars.
After the UYE at the Fremont Street Flightlines, I stopped at the Mix Zone Cafe to give the place a try.
It has such good buzz on Yelp, so why not?
I got the 3 color curry with chicken, of course, and it was quite good.
Their spiciness is on a scale of 1 to 4.
I chose 3 and it could have been a bit hotter so the 4 would have been OK.

Service was prompt, and my server was a delightful woman who was very proud of Mix's Yelp certificate.
I decided not to eat all the curry but to take some home for lunch.
She packed the in a small container and also put a container of rice so I had some rice for my leftovers.
Then she stapled the bag shut so it was easy to carry.
I then went to the bathroom to get the requisite photos of the wall art.
She chuckled and told me that one of the people from the shop thought it should be removed, but they decided to leave it as it is.
It's funny!
I love the eclectic nature of their bathroom.
Too bad Mix Zone is not closer to Summerlin.
This was the last restaurant in the Bellagio that I had not been to and I decided to give it a go before seeing 'O' again.
I had a reservation for 5 PM to assure plenty of time to eat and relax before the 7 PM show.
I was taken to a two top at the window overlooking the Bellagio fountains.
I looked at the menu and my server came and asked about water/other beverages and I ordered my standard iced tea which was quickly brought to the table.
I looked over the menu some more and the server gave me some recommendations.
I decided to order one cold shared plate and one warm shared plate as the server (and some reviews) point out that the shared plates aren't that large.
I got the Big eye tuna pizza and the tempura Alaskan king crab.
These were two recommendations from the server and he pointed out that the tempura crab had been on the Best Thing I Ever Ate Food Network show.
The tuna pizza was very good.
It had a very, very thin crust with just enough substance to pick up the pieces and eat it truly like a pizza.
The flavors were great even the truffle oil because it was used sparingly.
The tempura crab was a bit of a disappointment.
It was OK but the tempura was a bit heavy and took away from the crab.
I couldn't help but think it was a waste of good crab making it tempura style.
It wouldn't go on my list of best thing I ever ate.
For dessert, I ordered the Chocolate in a cup.
It consisted of Nutella, banana foam, and vanilla bean ice cream.
The Nutella is in the cup and there's a ring on top of the foam that breaks and dissolves into the foam and ice cream.
It was a great dessert.
Service was impeccable.
The view of the fountains is always good.
During dinner, there were three fountain shows.
Prices are Strip prices but I knew this going in so it doesn't affect my rating.
Review for casino only:

The MGM Grand is huge with enough variety of machines and table games to please almost anyone.
There are several bars throughout and many restaurants.
Despite the huge size, there are no nooks or areas where you can be basically alone unless you go at an off time.
At night, the casino is often quite crowded despite its huge size.
Still, I find the place A-OK.
I read some of the Yelp reviews and had Manan Bakery bookmarked for a couple of months,  Yesterday, I stopped in as I was coming back home.
The bakery is a small shop with two cases, but they are filled with delicious looking goodies.
There were many things with names I didn't recognize.
I asked the woman what some of those things were and she was happy to explain.
Instead of going with some of the newer things, I opted for two tried and true bakery goods--a chocolate mousse and a raspberry mousse.
I had the raspberry last night and it was excellent.
The light chocolate exterior that surrounds the mousse is very delicate and very tasty.
Chocolate and raspberry go so well together.
I noticed several items in the cases I'd like to try in the future, so I will  be back.
I went to see the show with 3 friends tonight.
This was their first time, but I have seen the show several times before.
I am always pleased at how good the show is.
I always get a smile early on and leave the theatre with the music going through my head and the smile still on my face.
My favorite singer is the man who plays Sinatra.
He is quite good.
The Sammy Davis Jr.  and Dean Martin impersonators are also good.
the humor the Joey Bishop character creates intervals of humor that make way for another performer or simply to add levity to the show.
This show is well worth the money.
I would get tickets at one of the discount booths, and go see it!
Four of us met to have dinner at Chef Howard Choi's restaurant in the southwest section of town.
One of the group had arranged for Chef Choi to do an omakase dinner for our party and we ended with a wide variety of dishes over the 15 courses.
The items served were:

Cucumber and seaweed salad
Japanese curry spicy edamame
Spoon trio of oyster, uni, and scallop
Spicy tempura bacon
Salmon kama
Hamachi kama
Taco trio of shrimp, salmon, and tuna
Agedashi tofu
Soft shell crab cake
5 piece nigiri selection
Warm Springs roll
Mr. Monkey "nigiri"
Double E--freshwater eel over rice with shredded egg
Miso
Green tea
Cheesecake tempura

I have had this place bookmarked for many months.
Starting with a small salad, some edamame, and followed by the spoon trio, the opening courses were smaller beginnings to a good amount of food.
The edamame was coated with Japanese curry and had a really good flavor.
The pods were tender enough to eat whole rather than strip out the beans like I always have to do.
Then came one of the biggest winners of the night and a reason to go back just for this--spicy tempura bacon with a maple and soy reduction.
This was something not seen in any restaurant I've been at before and it was really good.
Two grilled fish courses followed that were a mixed bag.
The salmon was done too much but the hamachi was sweet and juicy.
A trio of small plates came next with a spicy soft shell crab cake, a trio of tacos, and a bowl of agedashi tofu.
Hands down winner was the trio of tacos made from egg roll skins and filled with shrimp, tuna, and salmon.
Each one was different in flavor and the tuna poke was superb!
Next up were five pieces of nigiri, a roll, and another "nigirI' of quite a different stripe.
The Warm Springs roll, one of several rice free rolls on the menu, with spicy tuna, spicy soft shell crab, and shrimp with avocado in a rice paper wrapper with eel sauce was very good and a different kind of roll.
The Mr. Monkey, listed as a roll but I refer to it as a special kind of nigiri, with the normal rice layer being a fried banana which is topped with spicy crab and then topped with the spicy tuna.
Very creative and very tasty.
The Double E bowl was good but the eel was overwhelmed by the amount of rice below.
The shredded egg was an interesting take for a topping.
Some light miso to end and then it was dessert.
The tempura cheesecake with chocolate and caramel sauces was excellent.
Creamy and fried perfectly, it's another reason to return.
Chef Choi was a very genial, soft-spoken host and he explained his roots and how he came to being a sushi chef.
This is a small restaurant tucked in the corner of a small strip mall next to a Sonic Drive-in.
One could easily drive by and not know it's there.
Just plan to go there.
After early dinner at Gata Thai in the same plaza, I came here for dessert.
I just wanted some gelato and I chose the ube.
The case was fairly barren but it was 5 PM on a Sunday afternoon and they close at 6 so much of their gelato had been sold.
The shop is fairly small with maybe four tables if you're eating in.
I'm guessing that a lot of pastries are boxed and taken home.
I ordered a 6 ounce cup of ube gelato.
It was very creamy and had a good flavor.
It was just the perfect ending to what dinner that started at another place.
I did take the opportunity to check out the pastry case and the lava cakes looked quite tempting.
Having a 6 ounce cup of gelato was enough.
Besides, it will give me a reason to stop in again sometime to try the pastries.
The macarons look good and that will be one thing I try on a future stop!
We gave the place another try tonight because of two promotions at this location.
It was a complete reversal of the last less than delightful visit.
We were seated in the restaurant area which was much quieter than the bar area, and I could watch the damn Patriots throw the game away to the Jersey Giants.
Oh well, that's not why we were here.
This location is doing an "Eat Like a High Roller" promotion through the end of December.
It's $10 off when you spend $25 or more.
That's a good discount.
I ordered their steak and lobster promotion.
I got a 6 ounce sirloin done rare the way I requested, two sides, and a cup of clam chowder.
The steak and lobster is $13.99 and the soup added for $1.99.
That's a great value and everything was very good!
My wife ordered their sizzling chicken and cheese with a double side of broccoli.
She brought one of the chicken breasts home and she enjoyed her meal.
For dessert, I got a slice of red velvet cake with vanilla ice cream.
Total for the two of us after the $10 off was $35.
That included two iced teas.
Our server was Olivia and she was a gem.
Delightful young lady with a great personality and good service.
I'll ask for her another time when we're there.
I am a fan!
I have been torn about trying Smashburger since some of the reviews for their locations have been less than smashing.
Last night, we decided to try something different and decided to try Smashburger.
I looked at the online menu and then went to this location which is near where I live.
I got the avocado club hamburger for myself and the truffle mushroom burger for my wife.
After finding out what Smash fries were, I got an order for each of us.
Sarah was the woman running the register last night and she was good answering my questions.
I'm sure she could tell it was my first time there.
She told me to have a seat and she'd bring the to go order as soon as it was ready.
In about 5 minutes, the order was ready.
Since there was no one else in the restaurant, I knew it was mine.
A short drive home and we were enjoying the hamburgers.
They were good for a change.
They are somewhere in the middle between normal fast food hamburger chains and the upscale hamburger shops which have sprung up around Las Vegas.
The fries were good.
I'm not going to make Smashburger a regular on my rotation schedule, but it was good enough that I'll be back sometime.
I need to try the nutter butter shake.
This was my second visit to Fogo.
The first was for an evening Yelp Eiite Event and this visit was for lunch with the Las Vegas Restaurant Week Fall 2012 pricing.
For a few dollars more than the normal lunch price, you get  a choice of 3 desserts and a contribution is made to Three Square.
The salad bar has fewer items at lunch than dinner, but they have the most common items you'd want including hearts of palm, some excellent sliced cheese (one of my favorites), chilled asparagus, and other items besides greens for salad.
The servers come around with their skewers of meat.
Yesterday's hit for me was the garlic steak.
What great garlic flavor!
I also enjoyed some lamb chops, boneless chicken breast wrapped with bacon and pichana to name a few.
In addition, you have some of the cheese puffs to start out and you get sides of mashed potato, fried and glazed plantain, and polenta sticks.
For dessert, I chose the turtle cheesecake which was very good.
This is a very solid, well priced coma-inducing lunch.
You want to come home and sleep for an hour or so just as you did after your mother's holiday dinners when you fell asleep during the football game.
I like this place!
When you hear the word Cashman you think of the 51s ballpark at the rear of the complex from Las Vegas Boulevard.
In between the ballpark and the parking lot are convention space and a theatre.
I have been to the theatre for five shows and I find it to be a fairly good venue.
Access off the Boulevard or Washington is easy and for this event, there was no fee for parking.
The theatre seats just under 1,900 so it's a good sized space.
The stage is quite large able to handle large productions such as Les Misérables which was one of the shows I saw here.
I recently went to see the musical "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" performed as a partnership between the Nevada State Thespians and the Clark County School District.
The theatre and the Center proved to be quite capable of hosting the large production with a cast in the 30s or more and with plenty of room for scenery.
My only complaint would be that they need more bathroom space when the theatre has a good house.
There just isn't enough with one ladies and one men's room.
I will attend any future shows here that might be scheduled that would be of interest.
And it's a quick couple of blocks to the freeway entrance to come back home.
Review for the casino only:

The casino floor has gotten a bit friendlier with the removal of some of their machines.
The layout now gives you more room, and they have placed several of their machines on 4 machine pedestals that give you lots of room and separation from fellow gamers.
FYI, if you're going during NFL season, the cocktail waitresses are not dressed as nicely as they are during the rest of the year.
Instead of the great outfits they normally wear, they're free to wear team logo shirts  and other gear that tends to cover them up more.
Who cares if they like Team X?
I like the normal slinky looking cocktail outfits.
For that reason, I can't wait for football season to be over!
Pine Creek is an excellent trail at Red Rock Canyon that's good for the novice or experienced hiker.
I like it especially for the variety the trail offers.
You're completely in a desert yet you see water at least most of the.
There are cactus plants everywhere and then you get near the old Wilson Homestead and you view a lovely meadow with grass and pine trees of various kinds.
On the way into the canyon, you'll come to a junction with Dale's Trail.
Notice the concrete and stone column on your left.
This was the entrance to the Wilson home.
This section of Red Rock Canyon was a Nevada State park but became part of the Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area.
After a short time, you'll arrive at the foundation of the homestead.
Mr. Wilson only lived here for about 10 years before leaving and moving to Las Vegas.
The house was burned by arsonists.
When you're at the foundation, look at the beautiful meadow.
In 1968, the movie "The Stalking Moon" starring Gregory Peck and Eva Marie Saint was filmed here.
If you watch the movie, you can see Mescalito Peak and other Pine Creek formations on screen.
After the foundation, the trail forks.
Taking either fork is OK.
The hike now loops around the back of the canyon below Mescalito Peak, the tall sandstone peak in front of you.
To the right of Mescalito is Fern Canyon.
To the left is a side canyon that goes to more hiking and rock climbing areas.
While making this loop, you'll come upon shaded areas where you can have a snack, sit and rest for a bit, put your toes in the stream, or just have some conversation.
Notice the tall Ponderosa pines in the creek area.
After completing the loop, follow the trail back to your car.
As you hike, keep your eyes open for animals.
It was in Pine Creek where I saw the first bighorn sheep I saw while hiking.
Happy hiking!
I've been here several times for a quick car wash.
Exact amount needed as no change is given.
You have the option of a $6, $7 or $10 wash so make sure you have a $5 and a $1 or two if you want longer drying time.
The place is completely automated and usually very quick.
I'm quite pleased with the quality of the wash and it's convenient.
It's been a couple of years since we've been here and decided it was time to go back.
I love the spice mixture and ground salt they have with olive oil for dipping the bread pieces.
It's very tasty and I end up eat too many pieces of bread.
Maybe that's why we come infrequently.
We each had a cup of soup for our start.
I had the Italian noodle soup and my wife had the lentil with sausage soup.
Both were good and different from soups we normally are offered.
For the main course, I chose the Chicken Bryan, a grilled chicken breast with goat cheese, sun dried tomatoes, and a lemon basin sauce.
My wife had Chicken Marsala.
Both were very good and I have some Chicken Marsala for lunch tomorrow.
For our sides, I took the garlic mashed potatoes and my wife had asparagus.
Good accompaniments.
We chose to share a dessert--the chocolate dream.
It's a double fudge brownie with chocolate mousse, chocolate sauce, some Kahlua on the brownie, and whipped cream.
It was superb!
I'd go back just for that.
Service was excellent.
Our server was attentive, prompt, and very personable.
We will be returning sooner than the years that passed since our last visit.
This was definitely heading for a 3 to 3.5 star review while I was eating.
Then the service really went down hill.
They became quite busy early, but we got there at 5 when they opened.
Ordering was pretty prompt - it should have been faster with the fewer people then, but it got worse.
I had the Southwestern chicken salad.
It was really good.
Lettuce with chopped tomatoes, cheese, some tortilla strips, and best of all, lots of jalapeno slices mixed in with the dressing.
It gave the salad zing, and it was really good.
My wife had an omelet, and she enjoyed that although he didn't order a side of bacon.
Rather, she gotten bacon pieces mixed in her omelet.
He also forgot to order the guacamole.
I did have a fantastic dessert - the mile high chocolate cake.
I posted a photo of it.
This soothed my feelings for awhile.
After our meal, the waiter didn't bring the check.
After 15 minutes he finally appeared, but he forgot to remove the amount of my comp.
Then he was gone for another 10 minutes with my credit card before reappeared with the corrected tab and my card.
I have had some good meals at this coffee shop including tonight, but service was lacking so much that it comes in between 1.5 and 2 stars so I'll round up.
I saw Crazy Horse Paris several years ago and really enjoyed the show.
It was sexy, classy, and very entertaining.
Now that it's closing at MGM in the next week, I needed to go see it again before it's gone.
There was only a minor difference in the two shows I saw.
The one number I really didn't care for was the jailhouse dance.
It seemed interminable and was not that good.
The magician was OK as an interlude, but the three guys who did the "short leg" dancing were a hoot!
I really like Upside Down and Chair Me Up.
These are cleverly choreographed and artfully done.
I am sorry this show is closing but I'm glad I had the chance to enjoy it twice.
I decided to go and see Jennifer Lopez on one of her stays in Las Vegas.
I had no prior knowledge of her music but of course you must know who she is.
I enjoyed the show.
The staging was dramatic and very well done.
As for Lopez herself, she certainly can belt out her songs.
I especially enjoyed the couple of Latin numbers she does at the end.
It showcased her voice so much and I really liked the salsa beat.
Her dancing is very good also.
The thing that surprised me the most is that she changes outfits almost as much as Cher does--well not quite that many times but there are a number of costume changes.
I left the theatre pleased that I had gone to see the show.
I went to Spago last night before the Rod Stewart concert and it was superb in every way, the room, the food, and the service!
I asked about the 6 course tasting menu and my server described the courses.
When he knew I had a show at 7:30, he thought I might not have enough time for the meal.
The he said, "We'll make it happen.
We'll move things along."
The meat course was the only course in which I had a choice.
You could choose either a filet or a lamb chop.
In a few minutes, Michael brought a tray with four kinds of bread--cheese dusted lavash, cheddar bacon rolls, mini baguettes, and a cherry walnut bread.
I asked for some lavash and the bacon cheddar roll.
I didn't want to fill up on bread.
Note:  with the bread, they serve butter with ground salt on top (hooray!)
The first course was a seafood course.
There were four compartments on the dish and each one had a small portion of a different fish.
The small spoon had crab, to the right there was some tuna, above on the right was a carpaccio of octopus and to the upper left was albacore tataki.
Each had seasonings including an avocado purée on one, a small piece of melon with another and so on.
Great presentation.
Wonderful flavors!
Course 2 was the salad course.
There were two parts to this.
One was a small cup of warm tomato soup that was superb.
I asked Michael if it was on the menu, but it's not.
It really was tasty.
Along with the soup was a salad consisting of a wedge of yellow and red tomato.
It's been a long time since I had tomatoes with so much flesh and almost no seed.
There were 3 or 4 green beans lying diagonally across the tomatoes and there were some small cherry tomatoes and some more avocado purée.
Very light and lots of summer flavor.
Course 3 was the first fish course.
A bottom layer had a polenta flan.
On this was the grilled eel and on top of the eel was a fried quail egg.
The dish was decorated with some tasty cheese tuile.
The eel was moist and soft and fell apart with just a touch.
It was perfectly cooked!
Course 4 was the pasta course.
It consisted of agnolotti that was topped with pieces of lobster meat and there was some basil olive oil drizzled around the base of the pasta.
This was excellent also!
Course 5 was a second fish course--sea bass.
The bass was placed on a layer of what appeared to be thin pasta.
After delving deeper, I found that they were extremely thin, narrow slices of yellow and green squash that could have easily been mistaken for pasta until you tasted them.
Very clever execution and very tasty sea bass.
There was also a piece of melon and a grilled cherry tomato.
You can see how the chef likes to mix contrasting flavors.
Course 6 was the meat course and I chose the lamb chop (rare).
It was an herb crusted chop that had been removed from the chop with the bone left there to chew on when the main part was gone.
There was some pea purée and some more basil oil.
It was truly superb!
For dessert, I first got a plate with three sorbets--blackberry, mango, and raspberry--and there was an extremely thin piece of white chocolate placed in the mango.
It was so delicate it almost melted when I picked it up.
Then I was brought a pretty plate with grasshopper cheesecake and some house made mint ice cream with chocolate flecked throughout.
There were also some chocolate decorations, a loop and a rod that were very good.
Last, I was brought 2 mignardises.
One was a watermelon jelly candy and the other one I think was marshmallow but I may be wrong.
Huge thanks to a great serving crew--Michael, my server, a young woman who was a busser in my area and had a wonderful personality, and the runners from the kitchen who explained each course beautifully.
It's too bad it wasn't recorded so I got more things correct in this review.
Michael took my credit card as time got short and I left the restaurant about 10 minutes before the start of Rod Stewart.
They did an outstanding job of moving the courses along and I was in my seat with 5 minutes to spare.
I have to come back in another season when the dishes are different and do the tasting again and take more time to savor each course.
I don't know why I overlooked Spago for so long!!
I came here to see Carmen 3D, the Royal Opera House's production of the opera.
This was the third time I've been to Rave.
I was blown away!
The sound was excellent!
The theatre was small - capacity rated at under 300 (I don't remember the exact number), and the stadium seating is pitched so nicely that any seat would have a great line of sight to the screen.
The Real D 3D was superb!
The glasses were very comfortable and the pitch in the theatre made the depth perception much greater.
The legroom in the rows is amazing!
Lots of room to stretch out or let people go by.
The seats are comfortable.
The ticket seller was a delight!
All around, this is a great place to see 3D or 2D films.
I'll be back.
Review for casino only:

It's been a couple of years since I was in the TI Casino except to go to a show at the Mystère Theatre which means you aren't really in the casino area.
Making my way through when I went to Isla, I noted that the carpet needs replacing.
The place doesn't have quite the smart look it had a few years ago before MGM starting letting it become a 3rd tier hotel and before it was sold to Phil Ruffin.
This wouldn't be one of my choices for a casino if I were to gamble on the Strip.
This corner of Sahara Avenue and Hualapai Way is the last section in this area of Sahara that was yet to be developed.
Last year, the company started work and on Wednesday, July 30th, Sprouts became the first tenant to open.
Coming soon are TJ Maxx, Petco, Stein Mart, and Home Goods.
There is to be a restaurant or two but none have yet been announced.
I made my first stop here today to try Sprouts.
The landscaping of Sahara Center is great!
Lots of palm trees and artificial turf.
I'm glad to see more businesses deciding to forego the real grass given our water crisis.
There is abundant parking and we have yet another traffic signal on Sahara but it's a necessary evil.
I look forward to the rest of the Center to open.
It's about 3/4 of a mile from home so it will be convenient.
I needed to get something  new with proper wheels for an upcoming trip.
After looking several places, I came here and was successful.
There was a large selection of various sizes and types of suitcases.
The woman running the store that morning was very helpful and very pleasant.
I left with my new wheeled case in a short time.
The experience was definitely A-OK!
My wife has generally gone with a friend the few times she's had her nails done professionally.
Normally, she had done them at home herself but age takes its toll and she's unable to do that anymore.
Enter the ever kind, gentle, and loving husband to the rescue.
(Note that I have cast aside any humble traits I may have).
After an appointment this morning, I took her to Just Nails, a first time for either of us.
I stopped at the door and asked if they took walk-ins.
There was no one there so of course they do.
And they do any time.
No appointment is necessary but it would be a good idea when the place is busy.
The shop is bright, clean, and well stocked as much as I could tell.
For the next 20 minutes, Andrea was pampered and she came away with well cut nails and hands massaged with some lotion.
It was very pleasant for her.
The staff was super nice asking if we wanted water, black or green tea.
I'll bring her back again.
It's close to where we live and it's easy parking.
This review is for the Canyon Gate Clubhouse only.
Several of us from Friends of Red Rock Canyon were invited by the Rotary Club of West Las Vegas to put on a program for them about the book we wrote.
The club meets at Canyon Gate Country Club so I got the chance to see beyond the gates that I've driven by countless times.
The staff was very polite.
The luncheon buffet for the Rotary members and us was very good--salmon, rice, chicken, salad and some wonderful cake for dessert.
The meeting room we were in was very nicely appointed and the outdoor patio gave us a great view looking west over some of the golf course holes to Red Rock Canyon, quite a fitting view for why we were there.
After an 8 mile bike ride along the Flamingo Wash, I used Yelp to find the nearest Starbucks and this was it.
I don't generally do drive throughs so I parked in their small lot and went inside the store.
I ordered my drink, it was ready quickly, and I enjoyed part of it while checking my email on their free wifi.
The staff was very pleasant and on the ball.
I can't say I'll be stopping here often, but it fit my needs yesterday!
This show recently opened at the Westin and I had a free ticket for tonight.
The showroom at the Westin is a small venue, seating probably 150 or so in its present configuration.
There are 5 ladies who do the burlesque and they are quite good.
The show beings with an announcer telling you to, "Sit back, enjoy, and prepare to be teased."
Well, that does happen.
The ladies tease quite well.
The music is good and their dances are often quite sensuous.
Some of the best dancing was done with a hoop with two ladies, three ladies on saddles, and  Lola's dance to "Whatever Lola Wants."
The one disappointment here was the very promising lady in the large balloon dance.
It had so much promise, but it went unfulfilled.
For their work, the ladies get 4 stars.
A big factor of the one hour show is the comedy of Bruce "Big John" Mickelson.
If you've been to shows in Las Vegas very much, you've seen him before.
His act was stale years ago, and he doesn't do this show a favor.
What is supposed to be a comedic break so the ladies and scenery can change turns into an almost tortured attempt at comedy.
Understand, there were only about 20 people at the show tonight--something Big John noted many, many times as he continued to try to milk some laughs from some pretty awful jokes.
The show would do better with an unknown new person.
I expected Big John to break into his old BBQ routine he did at the Stratosphere Hotel years ago.
For this part of the show, 2 stars.
On average then, three stars.
But damn, those 5 ladies are fine!
I stopped in for dinner tonight.
I could find the place because it was still light.
When people say it's a small place, they aren't wrong.
I counted 14 tables - 6 booths each seating up to 4, 7 tables each seating up to 4, and one table seating 2.
I had the pork chili verde with beans and rice and corn tortillas.
Standard chips and salsa--the salsa having some great zing to it!
The chili verde was good.
I used a fair amount of Tapatio to give the cili verde some zest.
For dessert, I had some flan which was a great custard with caramel sauce that was quite tasty.
This place was OK, but it wouldn't be my first go to place when I wanted some Mexican food.
I rode this trail on my bike in January, 2012.
I found it to be a lot of fun but not as scenic as some other trails.
It's a good effort at connecting this city with multi-use trails for hiking and biking but there is still much to be done.
I parked my car at the Bill Briare Park but the easiest trailhead would be at Pioneer Park.
The trail begins along the wash on the east side of Lowe's along Washington Boulevard near Buffalo Drive.
From here, the trail follows the wash north and west crossing two busy streets--Lake Mead Boulevard and Cheyenne Avenue with bridges.
This makes for a safer ride.
There are a couple of places where you need to cross streets, but they're smaller, 4 lane streets, with less traffic.
I rode north until the trail ended at Atwood Avenue.
I'm not sure if it has been extended yet but it is supposed to connect with the Upper Lone Mountain Trail some time in the future.
I agree with Dan about the graffiti in the wash.
It mars an otherwise pleasant ride.
Hopefully, it will be cleaned and kept free of new graffiti.
This isn't one of my favorite places to ride, but it was fun for a new adventure.
I used to go here often but with better choices available, I haven't been there recently.
We went here this evening.
The food is OK.
There are no real standouts.
Like other buffets, the variety of food has been cut back.
This was very noticeable at the salad bar.
Much of it was ice with many fewer bowls spread over the area.
I was going to get some jambalaya as I had in the past, but it looked liked there were cubes of processed ham instead of the sausage they used to have.
I skipped this dish.
I did get some salt and pepper fried oysters.
They were very tasty, but the breading was quite think and soft--a problem with some buffet food items.
They did have some nice vegetables--cauliflower in a cheese sauce (a little watery) and brussel sprouts with pieces of cooked bacon.
A summary would be that the buffet is OK.
The food is very standard cafeteria type with nothing really outstanding.
I think the lunch buffet is a better value.
I have seen over 10 shows in the Colosseum.
I really like this venue.
The only thing that keeps it from getting the 5th star is the absolute ridiculous prices of their drinks.
The staff is very good at assisting the 4,000 people a night that come for shows.
The process of leaving is very smooth.
Last night, I went to see Rod Stewart.
The show ended at 9:30.
I was back to my house just before 10 PM, a drive of about 10 miles.
Their knowing how to get people out of the theatre is impressive.
The theatre is quite nice.
The sound system is first rate.
But other than the performers themselves, the star of the evening is the LED screen behind the performer.
Stewart made good use of its capabilities.
Elton John on the other hand didn't use it much depending instead on stage props and signs.
I was even at the Colosseum for a lecture by former President Bill Clinton.
It was a wonderful place for such a mundane thing as that.
This review is for the chocolate store at Hexx and the tour one can take to see how the chocolate is made.
I had the chance to take the tour with chocolate maker Chef Matt Piekarski.
His passion for making the finest chocolate comes through in his explanation of the process that starts with where the beans are purchased through the various processes to from from bean to chocolate in this small area of the Hexx chocolate store.
On the tour, you see where the beans are roasted, where the separation of bad beans takes place, and the separator that removes the outer shell and takes the cocoa bean and grinds it into chocolate nibs.
From here, the nibs are put in large, round mixers where the chocolate is mixed over a three day period.
After the liquid chocolate is put in molds, it's put in a small room on racks for cooling.
There is an amount of chocolate stored here also.
At the end of the tour, we had a sample of some of the dark and milk chocolates.
I purchased several bars and brought home.
It is some of the best chocolate I've tasted.
Depending on the chocolate percentage, the flavor of the chocolate will vary so I'm glad I got several varieties.
I also bought three red velvet cookies that my wife really, really enjoyed.
This is worth of stop when visiting Las Vegas or if you're a local.
You can arrange a tour also.
It';s not long but it's very informative.
You'll be amazed what's accomplished in such a small area.
Chef Piekarski succeeds in his passion for making fine chocolate.
We had a $40 Groupon for the restaurant and went last Saturday evening.
Our reservation was for 5:15 and we were right on time.
The place was almost empty at the time and we were shown to our table.
There is a Yelp check in offer for free bruschetta but you can't double dip on the coupons--either the Yelp or the Groupon--so of course, we went with the Groupon.
We were brought iced teas and a bread basket shortly after being seated and ordering.
The bread basket was a let down.
The one piece of lavash was more like pressed cardboard and the two types of focaccia were merely OK.  We did not get butter but rather a mixture of olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
I have to remember in Italian restaurants to tell them to hold the balsamic.
It's just to sweet for me.
Give me plain olive oil and a salt shaker.
We ordered fried artichoke for an appetizer.
It was very good.
The dipping sauce was quite good.
There were 6 pieces of artichoke.
For mains, we each ordered ravioli.
I got the Lobster stuffed ravioli with lobster sauce--a house special for the evening.
My wife got the ravioli stuffed with butternut squash.
We both enjoyed our ravioli.
The serving size was just right.
For dessert, I ordered a cannoli and my wife got the vanilla crème brulée.
Both were good.
The cannoli was fairly standard but I didn't taste any of the pistachio nuts that were supposed to be in the cream.
The crème brulée was the winner of the two desserts.
I think Gaetano's is overpriced.
It only makes sense to go here when you have a coupon of some kind.
Service was good.
It was pointed out when the bill was brought that gratuity had automatically been added because of the Groupon.
I'm not a fan of that.
Actually, the server lost because he got a lesser tip than he would have gotten had I made the decision and not the restaurant.
A good meal but a bit of a drive from Summerlin.
I can get equal or better Italian closer and for a better price.
I met a friend from Canada for dinner at Ping Pang Pong tonight.
My only other dining experience here was with the same friend about 4 years ago.
We ordered three dishes to share:  The Singapore rice noodles were excellent.
There was a fair number of shrimp and some small slices of pork along with onions.
The curry flavor was good.
For my taste, I could have used a bit more.
We got an order of wrinkled green beans.
I don't think they were seared as much as they should have been to make them wrinkled.
They were crisp.
Their flavor was very good.
Finally, we got the half roasted Cantonese duck.
The flavor of the duck was a winner, too!
I'm not a big fan of duck when it's on the bone, but this was cooked well.
Service was good.
My iced tea refilled often without asking.
We did have to ask a server to bring us some clean plates so we could get rid of some of the duck bones.
The one drawback of Ping Pang Pong was the loudness of the place for the first 1/3 of the hour and a half we were there.
It was so noisy from people talking loudly and the kitchen staff, filling orders for take out and yelling the orders to each other.
I do like the place and I will be back if only for the Singapore noodles.
That was my highlight of the meal!
PS:  I love the name.
I can't help think of Puccini and Turandot!
Addio amore, addio razza....
I went to Ovation to see the musical "Rent."
The venue was really good for this kind of show.
The semi-circular seating with a fairly good size stage.
It was a perfect spot for staging a musical like rent with a small band but a large cast.
Let me start by saying I'm not a fan and I doubt I will ever be back to Echo & Rig.
We came here late afternoon and there was one other party in the restaurant.
We were brought our iced tea quickly and it was refilled frequently while we were there.
I had looked at the menu online and I took some time to decide once there.
For a starter, we ordered their portobello fries which were served with an herb aioli.
This was the first I noticed that anything that stated garlic or should have had garlic (herb aioli) had no garlic taste at all.
The herb aioli was good but missing the garlic flavor.
My wife ordered the tri-tip steak--medium--even though I suggested she get medium rare and I ordered the hanger steak blue.
She was drawn to the tri-tip because the menu said lemon and garlic neither of which was evident in any way.
Garlic fail number 2.
All their steaks come with garlic chips (no garlic flavor here either--garlic fail #3) and a mushroom Rockefeller, a breadcrumb stuffed mushroom cap.
The portobello mushroom was wonderful with the light coating and the cheese shreds.
Then we waited.
We saved some of the mushrooms fries for our steak, and then we waited some more.
Approximately 20 minutes later, our server said the steaks would be right out.
He took our small plates and silver away.
About 5 minutes went by and he stopped by once again and said the steaks would be right there.
About 5 minutes later, he stopped by to say they'd be out in about a minute.
This time, he was right.
When the steaks arrived, I noticed that both had been cut in slices and I just cringed.
I absolutely hate it when this is done.
Maybe that's why so FEW places do it.
I asked if there was a culinary reason and the server said he'd ask.
When he came back he told us that the chefs said it was to make the steaks more tender.
My steak was good, but it was cooked a little more than I would do it at home.
My wife's steak was less tender and because of her medium order, which they did, the steak was less juicy and there was a fair amount of sinew that you wouldn't expect.
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.
But above all, I'd say, please don't cut my steak.
I'm not a two year old and I'm not infirm.
I Googled this when I got home and found that the only reason (perhaps) to do this was to cut the steak against the grain the right way.
We each had a sundae for dessert.
They were OK.
I left Echo & Rig very disappointed.
The length of time from ordering to getting our mains was ridiculous when the place is less than 1/10 full.
It was a Tuesday afternoon--not date night USA at 8 PM.
I went here today and found cargo shorts like I was looking for.
The store didn't have very many shoppers and it was easy to look for what I wanted, find that indeed they did have what I wanted, try it on, and then check out all within 15 minutes of entering the store.
Since there were so few shoppers, parking was a breeze and I was near the one entrance.
The store is undergoing some renovation.
There are several areas blocked off with plastic walls and they're doing work inside.
I'll have to come back and see the improvements.
I've been to this JCP before and it's very convenient to where I live.
I'll be back.
I really enjoyed Zarkana.
It's more circus than any other Cirque shows.
It moves along well.
The two most attention grabbers for me were the music and the graphics projected on the panels in back of the performers.
They were just amazing and added so much to the live performers.
The show is a series of circus acts, some the same that you've seen in other Cirque shows, and some that are new or have a new twist.
Throughout, there are two clowns who are very captivating and funny.
They grab your attention and you can't help but smile and laugh.
I really don't care if there's a story or not.
It's nebulous at best.
For those who want a story, go see a play.
If you want to see some excellent performers who do great circus acts, then see Zarkana.
This was my second visit to the Las Vegas Farmer's market at the Bruce Trent Park.
There were several vendors missing since my last visit - most notably - Bon Breads.
I guess with the heat of the summer, some of the vendors are staying away from this late afternoon/evening market and going to the new market at Tivoli Village.
I'd give the Market 4 stars if it weren't for the drop in vendors.
The vendors there today had some nice things, but I was looking for bread.
The convention center is quite nice.
I find it very easy to navigate the booths and move from one area to another.
I do think the place is in need of some renovation.
Part of that has been put on hold because of the drop in convention business with the economy.
I come yearly to the Global Gaming Expo and the Consumer Electronics Show.
Both are spread over large areas of the Convention Center.
There are several food places, bathroom facilities are scattered throughout, and the Center offers free wifi.
In addition, the monorail station is right out front.
For locals, it's a breeze to park at MGM, buy our $1 monorail ride tickets, and go over traffic to the CC.
No parking problems, and no traffic!
Sweet!
Two of us came here for a breakfast tasting with a menu set by Chef Chris Decker.
When we arrived, he asked if we wanted to order or just let him send out what he had planned.
We opted for him just to send things out.
We started with a triple berry yogurt parfait with house-made granola.
We then moved on to five sweets--One of Those, Toaster Strudel, Plum and sweet ricotta turnover,  Peach turnover, and Apple pie croissant.
After the sweets, Chef Decker brought two egg sandwiches--Bat Ship Crazy and Farm House, two French toast selections--blueberry and peach, and apple raisin.
and an order of Benecio del Porko, an eggs Benedict on house made corn bread topped with BBQ pulled pork.
We also had a breakfast burrito.
This isn't your typical eggs and bacon with hash browns kind of restaurant.
Rather, breakfast here can be coffee and a couple of these wonderful pastries for a sweet breakfast or you can go to the savory side and get one of the egg sandwiches or other breakfast items.
Not one of the pastries failed to satisfy!
The One of Those is Chef Decker's take on the cronut.
It's named that because you weren't allowed to use the word cronut so customers would just say One of Those.
Between the layers of flaky pastry are layers of wonderfully tasting cream that makes this a sweet treat for sure!
The plum and sweet ricotta turnover and the apple pie  croissant were two more outstanding sweets.
On to the savories, the Benecio del Porko, grilled cornbread topped with BBQ pulled pork, two eggs over easy, Hollandaise, charred corn kernels, and cilantro is sublime!
There's a reason this has been selected best Benedict almost since opening.
Everything in this Benedict just melds perfectly.
The other standouts were the French toasts.
They taste more like you're eating bread pudding than French toast.
The soft brioche with the fruit and a dollop of whipped cream are heavenly.
The two egg sandwiches were excellent also.
Again, I found all items to have outstanding taste.
During our tasting, Chef Decker took the time to explain his passion for breads and he gave us a huge amount of information on the dishes.
Finding out that Chef Decker came from Upstate New York, a graduate of Maine-Endwell  Central School District did not cause me to downgrade my rating.
Our two schools were in different conferences then!
I'd really recommend Lulu's to take your friends and family from out of town for something totally different.
It is good, very, very good!
This truly is as good as it gets.
Excellent choreography, very talented dancers, superb Frank Sinatra vocals, a 17 piece live band,  and great lighting.
The dancers do some moves that are amazing and some of the dances are cute and funny.
My favorite dances were to "That's Life" and "You Make Me Feel So Young."
I don't think the smile left my face during the entire 70 minute show.
Since it has been extended to the beginning of April, I'll be buying a ticket to see the show again before it leaves for good.
If you like dance, this is a must see!
Nice staff.
Fast service.
Free drink.
What more could you ask?
I stopped here on the way home and knocked another Bucky's off my to visit list.
Location is a bit of a pain and parking is a definite drag, but I like to park in and go in and talk with the folks rather than just drive through!
This review is for the casino only.
We used to come here about once a month for some video poker and then dinner.
The casino is relatively small.
Parking on the side or back is very convenient.
The mix of machines is good, but I could never figure out why some of the VP games were not eligible for their multiple points days while others were.
I always found beverage service to be efficient.
The coffee shop and Mexican restaurants are close to everything.
Since I don't come here anymore, I found myself here a short time ago using my points for cash back.
Better in my pocket than theirs.
This would  normally be a 3 star review--A-OK--but the service we received takes the review to four stars and well deserved.
Our group came here after an Unofficial Yelp Event at Red Rock Canyon.
They set up for 10 because we weren't sure how many were coming.
We ended up with 8 so the set up was perfect.
Drink orders were taken quickly.
We must have looked like we could use rehydration after the 4.5 mile hike.
Refills were always quick to come.
My iced tea was refilled 3 times and our server brought two of us a glass with extra ice as our ice started melting.
For food, I ordered from their lunch pick two menu.
I got the turkey club with a bowl of clam chowder.
The club sandwich was good.
Each quarter had a piece of avocado which added to the flavor.
There were a lot of clams in the chowder.
It was enjoyable also.
The service.
Tina, our server, was simply top notch at what she does and that's the reason for the 4th star.
She was always around refilling drinks, checking on whether or not someone needed anything, and generally keeping the best care for us she could.
She also had an instinct of some kind such that she gave us individual checks without asking if it was one check or separate.
That's SERVICE!
I'll be back.
Even though I live about 1/2 mile away, this was the first time I'd been at this Yard House.
Tina and the food won me over!
I saw the Titanic exhibition when it was at the Trop, but I wanted to come back and see it at the Luxor with its enhanced room and display.
Mainly, I wanted to see "The Big Piece," a 15 ton section of the Titanic's hull that was raised in 1998 from 2 1/2 miles down and with glass still in one of the portholes.
This was not at the Trop and it's worth it just to see this.
I enjoyed reading all the interpretive signs and once again, I was fascinated by the dishes that were retrieved from the ocean bottom lined up like they were sitting in a giant dishwasher.
I like that you still get a card with the name of a Titanic passenger and you can check the board at the end of the tour to see if they survived.
The person on my card died but his son survived.
Interesting story and I'll do some research to see if I can find more information.
I stopped here to find a particular type of coffee that is getting harder to find.
No luck.
I've shopped at the store before, and I may return but it's a bit out of my way.
After meeting a friend for brunch Sunday, I had some time to kill before going to a play in Las Vegas.
Since I was near this Starbucks, I stopped in.
It was just the wrong time.
There must have been 4 people who had just ordered and it took a fair amount of time to make all the beverages that had been ordered.
Then I got my iced quad espresso.
Nothing to screw up with that.
It is my drink of choice at Bucky's.
I sat at a high top table and did some email.
The wifi is standard and zippy so I got some things done before taking the rest of my drink and starting toward the theatre.
I stopped in for a quick treat.
This place would rate 5 stars if they had some interior seating.
Instead, unless you stand, the only seats are outside on the sidewalk in Town Square.
With the wind howling at 40+ miles an hour, I was lucky to be somewhat sheltered by the building.
I tried some of their newer flavor - Devil's Food Cup Cake Batter.
It was one of the creamiest frozen yogurts I've had.
Rich, full flavor chocolate.
Wow!
What's not to like?
A little coconut and some chocolate pieces and I had the fuel needed to see me through the 3 hour movie awaiting me.
I was to Gordon Ramsay when it first opened for a Yelp event and decided to make a return visit for dinner before the Placido Domingo concert at the Colosseum.
I was seated promptly at a high top table in the bar area close to the railing opened to the casino floor.
I got an iced tea, and I ordered bangers and mash for the main course and chocolate trifle for dessert.
The bangers and mash were OK.  Three small sausages of chicken, beef, and pork served with a modicum of mashed potatoes and with some onion gravy and fried onion sticks.
It was a small portion for a mere $24.
The chocolate trifle was very good--it made the evening.
It was made with both light and dark chocolate and topped with Chantilly cream.
There were two small cookies with the trifle.
It wasn't overly sweet.
Service was OK.  My server was a very pleasant woman.
While she brought my iced tea quickly, she was never back to ask about refills.
A busser was going around refilling water glasses so that was a help.
This is a convenient place to go for dinner when going to the Colosseum but it is Strip pricing plus.
I think another time I'll go to the food court.
There are several options and they'd be much less pricey than this.
While waiting for a three hour service call for my car, I took the bus to the SLS and was greeted by the Perq right after entering the east doors.
I ordered a large iced coffee but I didn't get any pastries.
I just needed a caffeine jolt.
The drink was served quickly and I was on my way to the casino.
I drank the good coffee quickly.
I'm giving this an A-OK rating because it was but I can't go higher unless I'd try something besides one plain iced coffee.
Convenient location in the SLS and the free wifi was zippy!
I generally get my gas at Costco but I was given a gift card for use at Chevron and I stopped here on my way to the Strip.
The cost is about 25 cents higher than I normally pay so it wouldn't be my first choice for gas.
I was inside long enough to see what they did to renovate the Fresh & Easy store that was here into the Herbst Market.
The gaming area is directly in front of you when you walk in.
I went to the left to the counter and asked the attendant how to use the gift card.
She politely explained, I pumped my gas, and I was on my way.
This might be a quick place to stop in a pinch if you needed something and you weren't near a 24 hour grocery.
I wasn't there long enough to see what they have nor to check prices.
Isla is really a big contradiction.
The room is quite nice and it's arranged well.
Then you're brought chips and salsa.
Someone decided it would be cool looking to have a metal frame that holds chips on the bottom and 3 bowls on the top for the salsas.
They are fixed--they don't move lazy Susan style.
It makes it a bit challenging to reach up into one of the small bowls to retrieve some red salsa (no heat), tomatillo salsa, or pico.
If my wife had been with me, those little bowls would have been removed and placed on the table for easier dipping.
But, it does look different.
I ordered the carnitas dish.
While another reviewer noted the saltiness of the dishes, I looked for salt and pepper on my table.
There is absolutely NONE!
I guess you have to ask for it.
There was also NO Cholula nor Tapatio on any table.
By the time I got my server to stop long enough, I was 2/3 of the way through my meal.
Is this really a Tex-Mex place?
My carnitas were OK but nothing that I can't get in any number of places around town for a lot less.
The redeeming part of the meal was dessert.
The crèpes were quite good and the ice cream in the sweetened tortilla bowl was very good and a great ending to a lackluster meal.
My server had too many tables to cover including those in the bar area which is semi-closed off from the restaurant section.
I don't think I'd return to Isla.
I'm glad I had a Groupon.
The Spring Mountain National Recreation Area is generally regarded as the area around Kyle and Lee Canyons.
The recreation area allows many things that you wouldn't expect in the Las Vegas area.
There's skiing and snowboarding in the winter, snowshoe trips in the winter, hiking in the summer, and lots and lots of trees.
While it's still desert, the mountains get much more rain, relatively speaking, than does Las Vegas and thus the lush nature of the mountains.
I visit the mountain in various times of the year but mostly in the summer for hiking.
There are many trails.
The hiking can be difficult for many because of the elevation.
There are few trails that start at less than 7,500 feet so you may be gasping to catch your breath and stopping more often than for a normal hike.
In the summer, on weekends, you can ride the chairlift to the top of the ski area and walk back down, ride back down, or enjoy a game of Frisbee golf as you make your way down the run.
If you're lucky, you can see some of Nevada's wild horses as they roam free in the Spring Mountains.
*************************************************************

A couple of things to remember about the Recreation Area in 2014.
*************************************************************

Due to the Carpenter 1 Fire of 2013, there are several trails and areas that are closed.
These are the Cathedral Rock Trail, the South Loop Trail, the Little Falls Trail, and the Echo Trail.
Fines for hiking in the fire burned area can be as high as $5,000.
It is a federal offense.
Don't be a jerk and hike through the burn area.
You're just impeding the regrowth of the forest and you'll be harming the ecology.
Be a smart user of our shared resources!
Stay out of those areas and you still have a large part of the Recreation Area to explore and use--Lee Canyon and the trails of Deer Creek Road.
These are still open.
Use them.
We had a reservation for 5 PM.
Checking in just prior to 5, we were asked to wait a bit.
Seating didn't take long and we were shown to a table.
Within a short time, our waiter, Rocco--one of the stars of our dinner--arrived to greet us and to ask about water/drinks.
I ordered iced tea and my dining companion got a cocktail.
It was then time to peruse the menu and decide what we wanted.
While looking at the menu, Rocco brought us a selection of bread--some breadsticks, a round baked load, some lavash, and an assortment of spices and dips for the bread and for later in the meal.
We ordered the same salad, the tricolore--with prosciutto, gorgonzola, dates, walnuts, tuscan kale, yellow endive, and radicchio.
The salad was the other star of the evening.
It was simply superb!
The dressing and the textures of the various ingredients were so good.
I did put some of the salt from the bread board on the salad.
For my main course, I got the fregolotto--with morel mushrooms, baby zucchini, and squash blossoms.
The cheese grated on the pasta, shaped like large tapioca, and the zucchini gave the pasta some flavor.
Otherwise, the dish was very bland.
It was also a small portion for its $28 price.
For dessert, I got a pistachio cake with gelato.
This had an interesting presentation.
A rather large, oval-shaped bowl with some torn pieces of pistachio cake, a small dip of raspberry sorbet, and some fresh fruit.
I finished dinner with a cup of coffee.
Service throughout our almost two hours there was first rate.
Rocco and his staff were excellent.
The room is very nicely done and their was a vibrancy to the place that I liked.
On the other had, I know Giada is a celebrity.
But must everything have her name or her stylized g imprinted on it.
Before I left, I checked in the bathroom to see if I had her name stamped on my ass but it wasn't there.
Being a celebrity also means that you can take normal prices, add the surcharge for dining on the Strip, and then add another surcharge for dining in Giada's establishment.
A double whammy.
The salad was a good sized portion but the pasta was almost laughable in its size.
Following other restaurants lately, the pasta was served in a huge dish with a relatively small well in the center for the pasta.
The only thing that rescues Giada (see, I feel I have to use her name throughout the review, too), from a 2 star review would be the salad and the service.
Been there, done that, won't be back.
I am a fan of the Park but I will be more of a fan when the weather becomes a bit cooler.
I walked through the first day the Park was opened to the public and it had an unfinished quality because there was some more work to do.
Yesterday, it seemed finished.
There were a number of cooling areas where there are hanging misters so the 100 degree heat is more tolerable for those not used to triple digit temperatures.
It isn't a standard park--something with grass and perhaps swings for kids.
Rather it's a place to sit in several areas and I was pleased to see some people playing a game of bean bags and enjoying themselves for what the place is supposed to be.
In the center is the sculpture Bliss Dance.
I need to stop by at night and see it lit.
I saw it on the news but I need to go back and see it in person.
It's also meant to deliver traffic to the restaurants and bars that line the south side of the Park adjacent to the NY NY Hotel and Casino.
If you're walking from a Strip hotel to the new arena for an event, this is one way of getting there.
While normally I'd rate this 3 stars, I really liked the vibe last night and I'm sure the Park will become a more welcoming place as it matures and as the weather cools.
Hudson's was fine for what I wanted - my morning Los Angeles Times.
I bought it and was back to the waiting area in a very short time.
The cashier was pleasant and everything was quick and smooth.
Wow!
What a disappointment!
I grew up watching the fantastic cartoons created by Chuck Jones and I was so pleased to read about the Chuck Jones Experience coming to Circus Circus.
I purchased a Groupon and waited for the right day to use it to revel in all that is Chuck Jones.
The trouble is, there's not a lot to revel in.
I thought the most interesting part of the exhibit was the video playing as you enter.
It was very interesting looking at the Type A personality of Jones as he drew many of the characters in the poses he wanted them in and then saw some of them come to life.
Interviewing people who worked with Jones was interesting too.
It was a way of learning how the background artist did his job and the parameters he had to observe that Jones set.
After about 15 minutes of watching the video, the benches start to get really hard and you have the need to get up and walk around.
It's a small area with many frames of cartoons that Jones drew.
I felt the descriptions of things could have been better done.
Many of the plates were small with 10 point or so lettering and they were not at all helpful at times.
I did like the optical illusion of Jones.
When I first glanced that way, I saw his image.
As I got closer, I lost it in my mind's eye.
Then I saw the sign on the wall to look through your camera and there it was again!
I understand now why they issued a Groupon, to draw traffic through the exhibit, but it was a Groupon I could have easily passed up had I known.
The best way to honor Jones and enjoy his work is to watch some of his actual work.
I had to return a package to Amazon today and this UPS Store is now the closest to my home.
There were two clerks waiting on other people shipping Christmas items so there was s bit of a wait-very understandable at this time of the year.
When it was my turn, a young woman waited on me, scanned the mailing label, gave me my receipt and I was soon on my way.
I'm glad I have this new drop off place so close to home.
***3.5 stars***

Our hiking group went here today for our annual Chinese New Year lunch.
One of our hiking group is Chinese and she ordered the same thing for us all.
We had a choice of the soup we wanted--I chose hot and sour soup--and everyone got an order of Xiao Long Bao, the soup dumplings about which many of the reviews mention.
The soup and dumplings were both very good.
I've had Xiao Long Bao before at another restaurant and these were on par or even a bit better.
The hot and sour soup was tasty.
Finding the place was a bit hard.
There was no sign that I saw--certainly none from the parking lot.
I knew it was on the second floor of this shopping plaza in Chinatown, but I didn't know to head down the little area that runs south from the elevator.
There were 10 of us at the round table.
Service was adequate--nothing special.
They delivered the dishes we ordered but did not bring refills of water and we had to ask for more tea.
One pot for a table of 10?
In all, it was a nice lunch to celebrate the Year of the Dragon.
I wanted to take this tour for three reasons: to see the plane, the horses, and the house.
I purchased my ticket online and came early and they were able to put me on a earlier tour.
First, you watch a 15 minute movie about Wayne Newton and his career.
It's very interesting.
I caution the reader, however, that this tour is for middle aged people and older.
It is not for millennials or anyone under 35 unless they know Wayne Newton for some reason.
After the movie, you board a shuttle that takes you across the Sunset Road and in the front gates to the estate.
The stops are in the following order:  the plane at the museum, then the car part of the museum, then costumes Newton wore during part of his career along with photos, letters, and other memorabilia, some of it very interesting.
Then you go to the horse area where there is a bleacher setup.
Two Arabians are brought one at a time to the arena and they show how well trained they are and how beautiful they are.
What majestic animals!
From here, it's off to the exotic animal area, then the house and then back to the store/ticket office.
My favorite things of the tour were the plane and the Arabians.
Very enjoyable and informative.
I applaud Newton for the many USO trips he made.
He deserves every honor for that.
My problems with the tour are several.
Some of the tour is repetitive.
Some of what is seen in the movie is repeated at the museum or in other places on the tour.
In the auto section of the museum, it would be nice to have a stand with the info on each car for one to read.
Instead, the tour leader readers from notebook sheets the year of the car, the make of Rolls (if it is), and who owned it prior to Newton obtaining it if it was someone famous.
This takes so much time doing 10 cars one at a time.
The exotic animal area is a bit forlorn.
There was a beautiful electus parrot out when I was there and many peacocks roaming around, but like any other "zoo," the animals are sometimes not easy to see as they're behind wire mesh to keep them in and safe.
Now the main reason for my poor review.
With no announcement made by our tour leader, some of the group I was with got on the shuttle and in a moment or so, the bus started and before I knew it, we were back at the museum/ticket office area.
As the driver was leaving, I saw the rest of our group walking to the house so I never got to see the house.
I filled out a comment form on their website, and the next day I got a call from a woman apologizing for the mixup.
She didn't know why it happened or why some of the people were coming back early.
She told me she'd send me an email and when I received it, I should list three dates when I could come back to finish my tour and see the house.
I got the email, I responded, and almost two weeks later, I have heard nothing back.
What had been great customer relations turned out to be awful customer relations.
The other thing I'd give as a negative of the tour (I bought the platinum--the most expensive--tour) is just too long.
Three hours?
You have to be a real fan of Newton to spend 3 to 3.5 hours on this tour.
Maybe that's why part of the group returned before the end of the tour but the tour leader should have made an announcement.
We were all on the same platinum tour.
If you're a fan of Newton and you have time to spend while visiting Las Vegas, this would be interesting.
If you have other plans, allow plenty of time so time constraints don't become an issue.
I had been to the Border Grill once before for their Sunday brunch and I found it excellent.
Today, we stopped in for a late lunch and had another excellent meal.
We got an order of bacon guacamole for an appetizer and it came with four wedges of seasoned chips.
The guacamole was excellent.
The cotija cheese gave the guacamole a super flavor in addition to the bacon.
The chips tasted a bit stale and didn't have the crispness of their taco chips.
We were brought the complimentary chips and 3 salsas and all three were good but the inferna was the best flavor, yet it wasn't that spicy.
For our mains, I got one of the lunch specials--turkey mole enchiladas.
The enchiladas were spread inside with a thin layer of very good masa.
The enchiladas were covered with an almond mole that was complex in flavor and very good.
The enchiladas were filled with well seasoned turkey meat and there was a small frisée salad on top with some very thin fresh peach slices.
My wife got the carnitas tacos.
There were three soft tacos with two kinds of rice and some black beans with cotija cheese.
I ate one of the tacos and the pork and toppings were very good.
The chipotle salsa was very good.
We waited for awhile and then ordered two half desserts.
They allow you two pick two desserts and get a half portion of each.
We got the pastel Rufina.
The menu describes it this way:  layers of puff pastry, sweetened cream cheese, chocolate chunks, and fresh berries.
The berries were raspberries, strawberries, and blueberries and the dessert is made with eclair-like puff pastry and topped with the cream cheese and chocolate chunks.
It was superb!
The other selection was a small wedge of their flourless chocolate truffle cake.
The menu describes it as rich, delicate chocolate truffle cake with prickly pear lychee sauce and raspberries.
The chocolate is very rich in flavor but it is not delicate.
It was very dense although very tasty.
Service was good although we waited for a time to get an iced tea refill.
I really like Border Grill and I'll be back.
I had a comp ticket for the Tournament of Kings and having lived here for 12 years and never having seen the show, it was about time I got to the Excalibur to see it.
There was a long line for entering the arena, but it went quickly and they have plenty of people working to get you seated.
Shortly after being seated in Ireland, a server came around to take our drink order.
I went with the diet soda option.
Just before the show was about to begin, she came along with a pitcher of hot tomato soup that she poured into everyone's bowl warning each of us as she went along that it was hot.
Indeed it was--and tasty.
Next came our dinner, a plate with a Cornish hen, a stalk of broccoli, and two red skinned small potatoes.
There was also a biscuit.
After dinner, the server brought around an apple tart, something like a Pop Tart but much better.
The dinner was quite enjoyable and there were two napkins and a wet cloth in a sealed holder for cleaning your hands because there are no utensils.
The show was good.
You could see the lances break away and pieces of balsa wood material fall to the dirt floor and you could see the pre-arranged fight choreography.
The acting was OK.  You could see the kings fall just as the lance was about to hit.
Some were better than others in making their falls look more real.
Our Irish king couldn't fight for anything and we were almost cheering for the bad guy so we'd have one win under our belts.
It was a fun show, but it really is one for kids.
The dinner is good, the show is good, and the price is reasonable.
This is one of the Las Vegas attractions that was meant for the younger set.
Take them and enjoy the show!
I stopped here on the spur of the moment as I was headed to another restaurant.
I should have kept going.
After looking over the menu, I told the waitress I wanted a cup of hot and sour soup and an order of braised pork belly with preserved vegetables.
She gave me an odd look and then said, "Those are dried vegetables.
They're not fresh vegetables."
My response was, "Yes?"
She then told me again they were not fresh vegetables and she added, "I don't think you'll like that.
You should order something else.
We have fish and...." and she gestured to other items on the separate, non-main menu.
I just got profiled because I'm not Asian.
I won't like it!!
I don't think she'll like this 1 star review!!!!
I looked over the menu some more and opted for the curry chicken.
In a short time, the curry chicken was brought.
Note that since I didn't say hot and sour soup a second time, it was left off the order.
In a few seconds, she brought the small bowl of rice.
They use plastic chopsticks and I have a difficult time with heavily sauced Chinese food and plastic.
I should have gone to the car where I always keep a pair of wooden chopsticks but I put the plastic ones down and started using my fork.
The server saw this and asked, "Do you want a spoon?"
My answer was a quiet but firm, "No!"
In a few moments she came to the table with a small plastic spoon that looked like a child's spoon.
The chicken was OK.
The sauce was heavy.
There should be more curry flavor.
This was my fourth time here (and last) and I have always gotten Singapore noodles and after the first time I've had to stress heavy on the curry.
That was my mistake this time.
I finished my meal, paid, crossed off the line for tip, signed the charge, and left.
As you can tell, the service experience was awful.
But I would like this server to know that if she ever came to my restaurant, I wouldn't tell her she wouldn't like the scrapple.
The park is lovely, and I like to stop here to take photos of the burros that inhabit this quaint village.
today there were five burros eating grass from the ball field area and there were 3 youngsters lying flat on the grass just taking a nap to rest up from their juvenile hijinks they probably were up to earlier this morning.
A great little park in a town with a rich history because of the Blue Diamond Mine (gypsum mine) which operated across the road on Blue Diamond Hill for many years.
That's in fact where the town originally was located until it was moved to its current site.
Generally closing at 3 PM on weekends, MTO has a program called Sunday Supper Series at MTO.
While planned to be done monthly, it's about once a quarter.
On April 19, 2015, I attended my first supper entitled Korean Brasserie.
This dinner consisted of 6 courses done by different chefs.
The first, the amuse, was by Eduardo Saavedra of MTO Café.
It was two fried California gold oysters with seaweed kimchi and Asian pear mignonette.
The second course, salad, was by Daniel Ontiveros of the closed Comme Ça.
It was Gochujang pig ear terrine and white kimchi salad, pickled daikon, and cilantro.
Course three, soup, was by Johnny Church of MTO.
was seared abalnoe mushroom hot pot with "mirepoux."
Course 4, appetizer, was by Brian Howard, Chef/Owner of Grazing Pig Food Group, and consisted of heritage pork tartare tenders and heart, soju pickled bae, and Carolin rice craklin.
Course 5, by Brian Lhee, Executive Chef of Yusho Las Vegas, was Korean hsort rib with tofu cavatelli, sesame leaves, and crispy anchovies.
Dessert, Course 6, was by Ashley Traeger and Meilani Marriott of Hapa Sweeters (coming soon to Las Vegas).
The did two small desserts--Spring green tea mini tart and a matcha green tea panna cotta.
After the meal, the chefs were introduced and each one spoke briefly.
I had a seat at the counter facing the espresso machine and it was perfect.
I got to watch the construction of the dishes and it was great fun watching them do their thing.
Service was excellent, the food was great, and it was a fine evening of supper of a different kind.
Prix fixe is $65 and a reservation is a must.
I look forward to the next Sunday Supper at MTO.
This location was the only one that had in stock medication prescribed for my wife.
It's not my customary CVS, but I was really pleased by the wide aisles and the larger interior of the store.
It was not nearly as cramped with stock as other CVS stores I've been in.
The pharmacist was quick and I was on my way in no time.
A good location, but a very quiet one.
I'd rate this a 3 normally, but the young lady who waited on me was so pleasant that I'm giving them the extra star for exemplary service.
I do wish they had regular salt bagels, but I'll make do with the pretzels bagels (with the salt) that are quite tasty!
The parking can get a bit tight in that plaza at times, so it's not the most convenient location.
On the other hand, I jump right on the 215 and I'm hone in 6 minutes.
Not bad!
Review for casino only:

The Gold Coast is a pleasant casino with a good selection of VP and denominations.
Parking is quite convenient with either garage.
I normally park in the Flamingo garage and it's a quick walk into the casino.
Beverage service is generally prompt and any interactions I've had with floor people has always been great.
Really it should be 2.5 stars.
They have the dumbest set up for a drive through.
It runs the length of the regular parking area.
If the line for the drive through is long, they block parking spaces and you can't get in nor out!
I ended parking away from the store and walking.
Service was fast and polite!
I think I'd skip this place for another McDonald's unless I really needed the coffee or food.
I went with two friends to see the show.
Hosted by a Frenchman named Alex Goude, it's a take on Las Vegas that comes with a twist such as the female impersonator who does a great job imitating Celine Dion especially in the ship scene.
Goude is a blue sneakered, blue suited guy who moves the show along and introduces the segments which include acrobats with some good skills but with the idea of poking a bit of fun at our Cirque du Soleil shows.
At one point in the show, Goude talks about the places off the Strip--Red Rock Canyon and the Grand Canyon--and it's nice to see that he realizes the area is more than the Strip.
I was entertained, I laughed, and I enjoyed.
The show is OK but it's not one I'd return to again.
When it was done, it seemed like it was longer than 90 minutes.
I came here once and knew I would never return.
It wasn't that the food was bad.
They had no hot sauce other than Tabasco.
CAn you imagine a Tex/Mex restaurant without Cholula or Tapatio?
I sent a comment to the company via their website and I never got an answer.
With so many Tex/Mex choices available, I'll be glad to drive by this place and keep on going!
For my last review of 2013 what better than to review a desserts only restaurant?
I arrived at Sweets Raku at about 7 last night and I was the only customer for about 10 minutes.
I chose the prix fixe 3 course dessert menu along with a pot of peach tea.
I sat at the bar because I wanted to see the pastry chefs doing their thing up close.
For the three course prix fixe, you only have 1 choice--the second dessert.
The first, the amuse, and the last, the petit four, are fixed depending on the day and season.
For the first course last night, the amuse was an oval of mango sorbet with blue ice as Yuka, my server, described it to me.
It was mint jelly on the mango sorbet and it made a good pairing of flavors.
Course two I chose.
I had read the Yelp reviews and I was sure I'd go with the Mt.
Fuji.
Yuka told me the Ringo (apple pie) was made that day and was excellent.
I finally decided on the Baton which was a tall thin chocolate mini-tower with chocolate and pistachio mousse and some fresh mango cubes.
It was excellent.
It was a little tricky to eat because I tried to peel a piece of the very thin chocolate tower to dip in the mousse but the tower is so fragile, it sometimes breaks away.
Regardless, it was tasty and lots of fun.
Course three, the petit four, was a delicious parmesan cheesecake with tangerine pieces.
The cheesecake was excellent.
None of the desserts was sweet which was very appealing.
It's not that I don't like sweet--it's just that it isn't needed in every dessert.
Service was excellent!
Yuka was a gem.
We did have a bit of a language problem but then I don't speak Japanese and she speaks English.
Do yourself and sit at the bar and watch the ladies work magic with preparing these delightful pastries!
For those of you still trying to find the place when you arrive at the plaza, it's just south of Big Wong Restaurant.
Look for the wine rack through the glass windows.
At night, you won't see the spoon hanging outside.
I bought a Groupon for Johnny Rockets and it's about to expire so we stopped here on the way home from a show to use it.
My wife ordered the BBQ chicken bacon melt and I got the Philly Cheese Steak with peppers and mushrooms.
Both came with unlimited french fries.
We also got two large fries.
The sandwiches were OK.
Nothing exceptional nor were they less than anywhere else.
The fries were not salted after frying and they were dry and didn't hold salt once we got them.
Aside from that, it is a fast food court with a pizza shop and the staff went between the two as needed.
You place your order, are given a buzzer, and you get your tray when the buzzer goes off.
The sandwiches are overpriced.
Perhaps they're covering themselves from people who take advantage of the unlimited fries.
The service was slow.
There was one person ahead of us and we waited about 5 minutes for fast food.
Not good.
In addition, there are no plastic forks or knives available without asking.
I had to ask for artificial sweetener for the iced teas.
I could pay the same amount I paid tonight at many other sit down restaurants where I have servers bring my food in a much more appealing atmosphere.
If you're a fan of Johnny Rockets and buy a Groupon, it's best for a person going alone.
Use the Groupon to almost pay your entire tab at about 1/2 price.
That would be about what it's worth.
Johnny, I met you once.
I won't be back.
What to do after a strenuous hike with a friend  at Red Rock Canyon?
Go to Rachel's Kitchen and have some food to restore some strength.
After a hike on Monday, 1/30, that's exactly what we did.
I ordered the Curry chicken wrap and my friend got their multigrain pancakes with both bananas and chocolate chips.
The wrap is a chicken curry salad with romaine lettuce, cucumbers, and mayo in a whole wheat tortilla.
You have a choice of mixed green salad, French fries, sweet potato fried or onion rings as a side.
I, of course, took the healthy route and got the French fries.
The wrap was very good.
I also got some iced tea.
It's a serve yourself counter on the side.
They had regular and passion fruit.
The passion fruit tea was very tasty.
My friends pancakes were quite good he reported.
The pancakes came with a side of fresh fruit.
After a graveyard shift at a local hospital and a tough hike, the pancakes were enough to carb up his diet to keep going.
As Candace noted, the seating is close.
The tables are small and there are a fairly good number of them in that relatively small space.
When it's warmer.
I'll have to go for breakfast and eat on the patio!
I've been wanting to try Rachel's for awhile and I'm glad I did.
Their new location puts them next to a Starbucks.
Does life get any better than that?
I was unable to attend the Elite Event held here last year, but I got an offer for a free round of golf at KISS.
I decided to use it.
After all, I hadn't played miniature golf in many years and although I'm not a KISS fan, it seemed like it would be fun.
It was!!!!
From the moment I went in throughout the time I was there, I was treated beautifully by the great staff.
I didn't know any of the songs being cranked out by the KISS FM radio station that broadcasts live from the golf course, but I enjoyed the music given the surroundings.
There are plenty of black lights and the walls are painted with phosphorescent pictures of Las Vegas history--the Rat Pack, Elvis, Jerry Lewis.
The holes also have KISS related things like the high heeled boot(?)
and KISS heads going up and down from boxes.
White shirts and shoe laces look clean they're so bright from the black light!
The holes are pretty easy and it is fun.
Since I was alone, the guy giving out the clubs and golf balls asked me if I was going to keep score.
I answered that no I was just going to have fun.
Since there were two groups of four in front of me, he took me to hole 6 and started me there so I wouldn't be bunched up behind the two groups.
He also cautioned me not to play #18 until I had gone to play 1 through 5.
When your ball goes in Simmons' mouth, you don't get it back.
I really enjoyed the time I was here and I have to give kudos to a great staff!
They're very kind and they're very helpful to their guests.
Who would think I'd ride my bike at Lake Mead and play KISS mini golf a few hours later?
PS:  One historical figure I got a kick out of was Ben Siegel, a.k.a.
Bugsy Siegel.
On his table is a list that has the heading IDEA #342:

Build big place in desert.
Name it after a pink bird.
Add gambling, booze, and sexy girls.
Then get rich.
I just stop in for a quick fix of JP gelato.
I got the Peanut Brittle, and it was excellent as always!
This is such a good place to stop and look at the lovely bakery goods and have some gelato.
I had wanted to try the previous oyster place but never got the chance.
Before leaving for a show the other night, I went to the Suncoast to try Briggs and I'm glad I did.
I started with some crab cakes--a larger appetizer than I had expected but then one has to make sacrifices.
Following this, I had the seafood gumbo, and I finished the meal with a slice of caramel crunch cake.
The crab cakes were very good with a large amount of crab meat with little filler.
The slaw served with it was a large portion and was quite good.
The whole app is something that would be better shared because there are three cakes along with the slaw.
I then got my seafood gumbo and it was delightful too!
There was a bit of spice to it but not enough to turn anyone off.
The gumbo has lobster, shrimp, andouille, crab, peppers, okra, and a large scoop of rice was put in the bowl before the gumbo was added.
A very filling and tasty meal.
I ended with a slice of salted caramel crunch cake that was good although a little bit on the dry side.
I sat at the bar and service was excellent.
Iced tea was refilled without asking.
It was fun watching the cooks do their thing.
I want to go back as I have some other things I need to try.
The one drawback was that my seat at the bar was in an area where the AC came directly on me.
I was freezing cold all the time I was there even wearing a long sleeve denim short over my t-shirt.
This is a good place for a quick meal or a more relxed one.
I was here just over an hour.
I've been to the Old Mormon Fort before but I went back today to see the Helen Stewart statue that was dedicated last December--a dedication I couldn't make because of a conflict.
If you are interested in Las Vegas history, this is a must visit sometime as this is where the town started along the Las Vegas Creek.
After the Mormons abandoned the camp, it was first the home of O. D. Gass and then Archibald and Helen Stewart.
I have always admired Helen Stewart--she's called the First Lady of Las Vegas--so taking the time to see her statue was a must do.
There are some things to see in the small museum and you can walk around the grounds and in one of the buildings see the only piece of the original fort that survived.
A little under whelming but it's there nonetheless.
Admission is only $1 so it won't break the bank.
Go and enjoy!
We came here for a late lunch and were very pleased with our food and the service.
I had been to their old location a few times but somehow had always overlooked the new place tucked in the corner of Village Square even though I'm here for movies often.
We were seated promptly, brought our iced teas, and given plenty of time to look over the lunch menu.
We were also brought chips and salsa and refried beans.
The salsa was very good with a very nice tang to it.
My wife ordered the pollo ala Mexicana and I ordered thew chicharrones with nopales.
Both dishes were very good.
Each was served with refried beans and a small salad.
I wish the nopales were fresh but they were pickled and mixed in with the chicharrones.
We were looking at the dessert menu when a server brought us some fried tortillas dipped in cinnamon and sugar with a dollop of whipped cream and cherry and some chocolate syrup.
There was no need to order dessert.
This was just the small kind of ending we were looking for.
Service was excellent!
Our iced teas never wanted for refills and the food is good.
I like the layout of the restaurant and it's larger than it appears from the outside.
There's a small patio dining area to make of use of now that it's getting cooler and we'll have to come back.
Viva Mercado's is close to being a 4 star place.
I hope to up the rating after another visit.
I was to Trevi in January for a Yelp Elite event and I was sure I'd come back and try the menu.
I just didn't think I'd take this long.
Before our show at the Colosseum last night, we came here.
We were asked if we wanted to eat on the patio or inside.
Because the water flow at the fountain is loud, we asked for a patio seat near the back.
That's exactly what we got from the delightful hostess.
Within moments, our server was there to take our drink order and a runner stopped with fresh bread and a bottle of olive oil with a sprig of rosemary.
She poured some of the oil into a small dish for dipping the bread.
Our iced teas were quickly brought.
We had a few questions and our server, Cheyanne, was an excellent help.
My wife ordered the chicken Limone which the menu describes as "fettuccine with grilled chicken, artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomatoes and lemon zest tossed in a tangy cream sauce."
I got the pollo la Griglia which is described as "grilled chicken medallions with oven-roasted tomatoes, artichoke hearts and provolone cheese in a tomato caper bianco sauce, served with risotto cake and asparagus."
For dessert, we shared a Coppa Cioccolata which is described as "chocolate gelato and fresh raspberries with chocolate & raspberry sauces."
The food was excellent.
The cream sauce with my wife's chicken was very good, and she loved the touch of the sun-dried tomatoes in the sauce.
The chicken was moist and tender.
My chicken was also very good.
The provolone was quite stringy and made the dish very tasty!
The risotto cakes were something new for me and I'm so glad I got them.
I think I'll return and just get some risotto cakes they were that good.
Dessert was also excellent!
The gelato was dark chocolate and had a very rich flavor.
The fresh raspberries and the sauces just added to a good dessert and a perfect size for sharing.
The ambiance was outstanding!
Watching the ceiling lights change brightness and color to emulate sunrises and sunsets and seeing the small blue lights for stars while listening to the water at the fountain makes for a romantic and scenic setting.
It's so much fun to dine at a place like this in Las Vegas where we can watch the tourists as they stroll by and take photos of everything.
What a city!
As for service, it was first rate!
Our table was never unattended by someone.
When I put and empty packet of Sweet 'n Low on the table, it was removed almost immediately.
Cheyanne or one of the bussers kept our iced teas refilled.
She was a very pleasant young woman.
She boxed some leftovers and included a packet with plastic ware and a napkin.
I had promised Brandon, the general manager, at our Yelp event that I'd be back.
When I asked about him last night, Cheyanne gave him my message and he came to the table and chatted with us.
I also watched as he went to other tables to check on diners.
He's alert to what's going on and he's a very personable guy.
The staff and the food make this place a will return.
I am a big fan!!
I have used Rain in both of its spellings for 15 years.
I always receive timely phone calls reminding me of service needed.
The company has sent a number of techs over the years that have been friendly and competent.
I'd recommend them for anyone who doesn't do their own reverse osmosis work.
I have done the Lake Mead cruise three times.
It really is a super way to send a relaxing hour and a half.
The cruise gives you a view behind Hoover Dam which is a view you'll never see unless you do other water activities at the lake.
The narration during the cruise is very informative.
It explains the geology of the Boulder Basin on which this section of Lake Mead is formed.
The narration goes on the explain the building of the dam, and now there's a separate narration to describe the Hoover Dam Bypass being built south of the dam.
I have done this cruise twice in the summer.
The paddle wheel boat is air conditioned, but when it's hot, it's not conducive to going out on deck to get some great photos.
More moderate months would be best.
If you are visiting in the summer, don't be afraid of going because of the heat.
You;'ll enjoy the trip in the air conditioning inside.
I stop here now and then as it's the closest to where I live.
Customer service used to be awful, but ti seems like they've gotten a bit better.
Today I got a side salad and a shamrock shake.
Everything was A-OK!
I had planned to go here many times, but I never got around to it.
Today, I changed that.
As mentioned by other reviewers, the free tour starts at 10:30 AM daily.
That's when the work crew have their lunch break, and the tour leader can talk and describe things without noise from manufacturing.
The tour is interesting even for someone like me who is not into auto racing nor do I know much about cars.
I do love to learn, and this was another chance to learn about something which I know little about.
I enjoyed the stories about Carroll Shelby and other ones the tour leader told.
he had a lot of information and was quite genial.
I'm really glad I finally did this.
I looked on Yelp for a new breakfast place to try before going to the annual Run For a Wish 5K and I found Bobby and Misti's 5 star reviews for Del Mar.
That's more than good enough for me!
I had the Man O' War Omelette.
It's an omelette filled with bacon, spinach, roasted red peppers, and jack cheese and topped with avocado.
With comes your choice of home fries, home fries with onion and pepper, or hash browns.
I chose the home fries with peppers and onion.
You also get choice of toast, biscuit or English muffin.
I went with the rye toast.
The omelette was large and very filling and the home fries were excellent.
I was glad I got the onion and peppers fried with the potatoes.
I chose rye toast.
While waiting for the breakfast to arrive, the owner and barista this morning, brought me a mini carrot cake muffin to start out and he made sure my coffee cup was filled.
I recommend this place highly.
It deserves all 5 stars.
Service is excellent, and the owner and his wife were very attentive and pleasant.
The horse racing theme is interesting.
On each table, there's a little call box.
On it are buttons for four things--service, drink, bill, or cancel.
If you press one of the buttons, a colored number lights on a board on the wall in the front of the restaurant.
The server can see if you need more drinks or want your bill.
The small box is like a mini KENO board.
There's also a drive through if you want to get a coffee or other drink from espresso bar and pick it up at the window.
I will be back here to try lunch.
The menu has some very interesting things to try!
I was at the Arts Factory tonight for a benefit concert.
The room was set up for about 25 people which was just right.
Parking was easy.
On First Friday's, the whole area must be filled with cars.
I walked around and looked at the pieces on the wall.
Some showed lots of talent and caught my eye.
Others just didn't appeal, but that's art.
I agree with the previous poster about the temperature.
It got a bit warm after the first 1/2 hour.
I'm glad I know more about the place.
I want to go back and try the Bar + Bistro.
We met friends here for a quieter buffet than the lines one can experience at Red Rock.
There was no line and we were seated promptly.
Some of the food items are the same as the Feast at Red Rock but there is a difference in some of the offerings.
I especially like some of the pork dishes that were different from most buffets.
Dessert selection was a little on the anemic side but what I had was OK.

Service was good.
Our iced teas were refilled promptly, used plates generally were cleared quickly, and our ocffee was promptly brought.
I have visited the bronze a few times when I've been at the Riviera.
To me, it screams, "Las Vegas!"
What better way to celebrate the adult entertainment past and present of Las Vegas than to cast the women and have the casts made into a bronze displaying their rears at the front of the hotel.
I like the whimsical nature of the bronze and I just have to smile when I see those bronze buns.
I rubbed them once but not for luck.
Just for the laughs!
Go see it!
I haven't been to Sunset Station in years.
I went to a concert there last night and I took the opportunity to walk around and see what it  looked like again.
The aisles are wide, navigating the place is easy, and it's not nearly as large as I remembered it to be.
Bathrooms are convenient to the Club Madrid area as were bars--although outside drinks weren't allowed in the club.
Tip for Yelpers:  I parked in the back near the bowling alley entrance and I found places close to the door.
It was an area that made leaving the property after the concert and easy and quick one.
In no time I was back on Stephanie and then on the 215 heading for Summerlin.
It was a long time until I came back to this or any Vons and it will be a long time before I return.
Note to Vons:  when you put  an item in your sale circular, don't make it for the weekend only.
I stopped for their deal on Coke products, and when I got to register, I learned it was only through yesterday - a Super Bowl promotion.
Damn it all anyway, put it on sale for the whole week.
I made my purchase at non-sale price and then left.
I went up Charleston to Smith's where I finished my shopping.
From now on, when the mailing comes, I'll just ignore the Vons.
It's just not worth it
After hiking at Mount Charleston with Terri R. and Mel C., we decided to stop here for breakfast.
I didn't know there was a northwest outlet for Babystacks.
It proved to be a good place to go.
I have never had Spam until today.
When I looked at their menu and saw the Specialties section, the Spam Scramble popped out and I knew I had to order this.
Along with this, I opted for the two pancakes you can get instead of toast.
I ordered the Orange Creamsicle pancakes that come with orange syrup, whipped cream, and a small container of cream cheese icing.
Breakfast was great!
Spam is just like cubed lunch meat.
The Furikake mixed in gave the scramble some extra taste and the rice was good.
I didn't finish the rice because I wanted to have the healthier food--the pancakes with orange syrup and whipped cream.
As others have mentioned, this is a large restaurant and they have a large waiting area.
The three of us opted to eat at the counter where there was immediate seating.
Service was great.
My coffee was refilled several times and they were there to refill water glasses, too.
This is a good option for my hiking group to stop for a late breakfast/lunch while we're still hiking at Charleston.
This was a tasty breakfast made better because I enjoyed it with two friends.
I came here when my normal Starbucks was filled with so many first day holiday drink and gift shoppers that I decided not to wait at my normal stop.
I had remembered it mentioned that there was a Starbucks at Macy's and I decided to give it a try.
The outlet is on the southwest corner of Macy's in Downtown Summerlin.
There is a metal gate that blocks people from arriving/leaving Starbucks via Macy's unless the store is open.
There is a door on the outside sidewalk that bypasses the store and allows access to Starbucks.
Since it was early, I got a spot to park on the street.
Since it's so close to the garage, there are only a few spaces near the corner but I snagged one of them and walked to Starbucks.
The baristas were pleasant and made my drink quickly.
It was also a very quiet place with only a few customers.
It's a small outlet owned by Starbucks and operated by employees of Macy's.
This certainly will be an option when I'm in Downtown Summerlin.
There was no up pricing as there is at the two locations in Red Rock Casino.
That's good!
This was my first time volunteering at the Las Vegas Rescue Mission serving dinner.
I had seen my friends from Yelp do this consistently and I wanted to join some evening and help out, too.
If you read Tracy P.'s review, she states well what the Rescue Mission does.
They provide a wonderful serving for the residents of the program and also in helping feed the homeless of which there are too many.
Seven of us were on the line last night and we were their for the second dinner service which is for residents and staff members.
I was impressed by the politeness of the men and women coming through the line.
Ty was next to me and he was dishing out ice cream.
His question of, "Do you want ice cream?"
was met in most cases by a pleasant, "Yes, please" and then a thank you.
This was something I noticed all night even with me handing out cans of soda.
Pleasant people generally with a smile on their face and very thankful for the meal they received and for us.
Many took the time to thank us for volunteering.
I know I will go back with this group whenever I can.
Helping out as little as I did was important for the residents but in the end, it was more important for me.
Timshel
I came here with a friend last night before going to the Smith Center.
This is one of her favorite places and I really enjoyed my meal.
First, she ordered way too much food for 2 people.
We got beef chow fun, mixed vegetables with garlic, breaded salt and pepper pork chops, and a tofu hot pot.
Yikes!
The table was full and there were only two of us.
The dishes were all very good.
My favorite was the hot pot.
The tofu is fried first and then put in the broth.
There were a couple of kinds of seafood in the hot pot and some chicken and pork.
There were also some beautiful mushrooms that held the heat from the burner below.
Be on guard to let the mushrooms cool a bit before eating.
A couple of things regarding service.
We were seated and our server was prompt at getting our order.
Since my friend is from Taiwan, she ordered in Chinese and I'm sure that helped our service.
At the end of the meal, they brought us a complimentary warm mung bean dessert that was very tasty--not too sweet.
Our server also packaged up all the leftovers in take out boxes and I have enough in my refrigerator to feed half the Taiwanese army.
It will taste good as leftovers.
One stereotype I encountered was that one of the servers placed a fork and spoon with extra napkins at my plate but not at my friends.
I wanted to jab him with my chopsticks when he next went by, but I realize he was being helpful.
I bought a new iMac online and they automatically add Kaspersky protection unless you remove it from the order.
I saw the remove button just as I was pressing the complete purchase button.
They would not refund that portion because it's software.
I called Customer Support and a supervisor there would not issue a refund.
Policy is policy.
So they're losing my business over a little thing.
I have two words for Best Buy----Apple Store.
This has been on my radar since it opened near where I live.
I've been to the original Lola's on Charleston Boulevard and I wanted to give this place a try.
I was seated promptly and was brought iced tea by a server.
Then I was left to peruse the menu.
Another server came along and asked if my order had been taken and when I said it hadn't, that server took the order.
It was short--a cup of gumbo for an appetizer and the crawfish étouffée.
Then there was a wait for the soup to be brought which was delivered by the original server.
I had not half finished the soup when the same server brought my main course--one of the things I find most disconcerting about restaurants.
The server said something along the lines about being sorry this came out so fast.
Is that OK?
No it's not, but I took the dish.
There was one other table occupied in the dining room and you can't get the courses evened out?
The soup and the étouffée were very good.
There was some Louisiana brand hot sauce on the table that said, "One drop does it."
No it doesn't.
I shook several good squirts and it still wasn't spicy hot but was better.
That has nothing to do with Lola's but Louisiana brand hot sauce would be my last choice in the future.
The étouffée was made with a rich brown roux and had some kick to it, enough that I didn't bother to ask for a different hot sauce.
I enjoyed it the way it was.
There was a good amount of crawfish.
Server 1 also brought me some more bread, thin slices, grilled a brief bit and nicely crisp.
For dessert, I ordered the sweet potato pecan pie with a dip of butter pecan ice cream.
The pie was very good.
It had a very soft texture from the potato and was not a custard-like pie as a pumpkin pie would be.
Very different and very good.
I enjoyed my dinner but I deducted a star for the timing of the service.
That simply should not happen especially in an almost empty place!
I have to give US Airways 3 stars for this trip.
On some others, it would have been a negative rating.
The two flights--one from Las Vegas to Philadelphia and the other from Philadelphia to Wilkes-Barre--Scranton were both on time.
Service was pleasant.
We flew first class on the LAS to PHL leg and that certainly makes a big difference.
Lunch was actually quite good and the chocolate cake dessert was rich and tasty.
OK, US Airways, keep the rating going with my return flight--I dare you!
I stopped here as I do periodically to get some items on sale.
Smith's had some items in their mailer that were very nicely priced--great loss leaders.
While this isn't the newest of stores, it's clean and I am able to get in and out pretty quickly.
Therefore, it's A-OK for me!
This is a strenuous 6.5 mile round trip hike down White Rock Canyon to the Colorado River and back.
If you like soaking in a semi-natural hot tub, you'll love this hike.
It's the coming back up the canyon that will kill you.
To get to the trailhead, go across the O'Callaghan-Tillman Memorial Bridge to mile marker 4  on US 93 in Arizona.
There's a dedicated left turn lane where you cross the northbound lanes and enter a newly paved two-lane road that goes up a hill and down to a new paved parking lot.
The trailhead is at the end of that parking lot.
Walk from the end of the parking lot into the wash.
The trail down is evident.
Follow the wash underneath the two bridges and you'll see the National Park Service sign for the trail.
Their mileage is off a bit.
The hike is simply to follow this wash down to Lake Mohave, which is what this section of the Colorado is officially named.
The wash goes back and forth and there are some small pour overs that are easy to walk down.
Notice the geology.
It's stunning.
There is some wonderful pyroclastic rock with many colors.
At one point, there is a huge boulder in the wash that is jaw dropping huge!
As you approach the river, you'll start to see some moisture along the base of the rocks mostly on the south side.
There is some seepage of warm spring water coming to the surface and making its way to the wash.
There are some cat's claw trees and some more greenery.
The walls of the canyon vary in width and are 100 feet or more tall.
When you reach the river, turn left and follow the trail south.
There are some side trails that lead you astray, but it's easy to get back on track.
Less than 1/2 mile along the river, you descend to a wash.
The hot springs are gotten to by making a left and going up a small canyon to your left.
Straight ahead will take you to the area known as the Arizona Hot Springs beach where there are two outhouses that are for real.
If you arrive here looking for the springs, head away from the river and bear left, not straight, and go around to the back canyon.
As you make your way up this side canyon, you'll come upon a creek flowing toward the river.
The water is cool at first but gets warmer as you walk on.
There are a couple of places where the footing is very difficult.
Sneakers WON'T do for the most part.
I had water shoes on the first time I hiked here.
In any case, take great care in these areas where there's running water that makes the volcanic rock very slippery.
Eventually, you come to a ladder where there's a warm waterfall.
The ladder is new and safe.
The NPS had it installed after the old one was broken off.
Climb up the ladder and you're at the level of the hot springs pools.
The hot tubs are just around the corner upstream.
This is more of a changing area.
People have brought sandbags to dam the hot water coming out of the rocks and have made these soaking tubs.
Just look and take some photos  or enjoy some hot tub time before returning.
Coming back is difficult because it's all uphill and you're hiking in gravel that's  tough to walk in.
Make sure you take plenty of water with you if you do this hike.
Also, make sure you do take the time to go to the beach and enjoy the view.
This is an exceptional place of great beauty!
Happy hiking!
Before going to see Mysère again, I decided to try Kahunaville once more.
I had been here over 10 years ago and while I liked the food, the loud bar customers and louder music were a complete annoyance.
I never thought I'd return.
I had a reservation for 5 PM which would give me plenty of time for the 7 PM show.
As the hostess was walking with me, she asked if I wanted bar seating for happy hour or did I want dinner seating in the downstairs dining room.
Bingo!
Downstairs to avoid any loudness!
I never knew it existed.
Down about 7 steps is a large room off the pool at TI and this is there main dining room.
I was seated halfway in the dining room and I had a good view toward both one pool area and the stairs.
Right in front of me was a TV with Monday Night football so that took my attention.
Rowan was my server and he was there soon with menu and took my order for iced tea.
After looking things over and asking about the soup of the day, I opted for chicken tortilla soup to start and Bang Bang shrimp for the main course.
The chicken tortilla soup is listed on the menu as spicy but it wasn't--at least not for me.
The soup was very hot and it was good.
The chicken was a bit meager.
There were some tortilla chips standing in the bowl instead of the normal tortilla strips most places use.
This was good.
At this time came the only glitch in service.
Before I finished my soup, a runner came from the kitchen with my main course.
Damn, I wish restaurants would watch this.
If I hadn't been somewhat close to finishing my soup, I would have sent her back.
But then, it would probably sit under a heat lamp for a few minutes.
The Bang Bang shrimp was very good and a reason to return.
The dish consists of 8 shrimp with bacon, zucchini, yellow squash, broccoli, red pepper, and carrots.
The shrimp have a nice spicy zest to them making their bang bang name appropriate.
The rice appeared to be regular rice rather than jasmine and the shrimp wasn't served over a bed of rice as the menu states, but it was a good looking dish with an orchid in the rice.
Nice touch.
For dessert, I got the pineapple upside down cake with vanilla ice cream.
It was OK and something different.
Service was very good.
Rowan brought a new iced tea before I finished the first one and he asked if I wanted a cup to take my leftover iced tea with me.
His service was very good and he was a very personable and polite man.
On the way out, the hostess wished me a good evening and used my name which was a very nice touch.
This is a place to which I'd return if I were coming to TI, not something I do very often.
We came here instead of waiting in the lines at the buffet or coffee shop.
Chips, salsa, and bean dip are standard.
The bean dip was a bit smoother a more moist than many places and it made it great for dipping.
I had the carnitas and my wife had the chicken ranchero.
Both are served with refried or charro beans and Mexican rice.
This is simple Tex/Mex food and they do it well.
Our server was very much on top of things.
When I asked for Cholula, he told me he'd bring me something.
He came from the kitchen with a cup of nicely hot salsa that is kept there and served if requested.
It could have been hotter, but it did the trick for my taste buds.
We've been here before and we'll be back.
I was surprised when I came to Honey Salt for the first time last night to find that they were having their 1st Anniversary special, a three course dinner for $29.99.
They had a burger special, too, but instead of the scallops I had planned to order, I went with the prix fixe anniversary menu.
The meal started with an amuse-bouche--a demi tasse size cup of their squash soup with toasted pumpkin seeds and pumpkin seed oil.
It was very tasty and it's a draw to get me back to try more.
I was brought the standard metal container with two slices of bread and two of lavash and some honey butter.
The breads were good.
The first course was a salad with pork belly.
The pork belly was cooked nicely and the greens had a tasty vinaigrette dressing.
There were red and yellow plum tomatoes in the salad.
The second course was ahi tuna.
It was seared perfect;y with a red interior.
The ahi was served on red and white quinoa and some of their house made salsa.
The seasoning of the quinoa and the ahi were excellent!
For dessert, the only course with a choice, I went with their butterscotch pudding.
It came in a glass jar and on the lid were some Cracker Jacks.
The lid was removed by the server and placed on the plate.
There was a layer of cookie crumb beneath the pudding and then some chocolate pudding below.
Great!
Service was as good as some of the top restaurants on the Strip.
I never had more than a few sips of my iced tea when the beverage person was at the table refilling my tea.
When I got coffee with dessert, he was back twice to refill my cup.
My server, Erik, was a pleasant, genial man and he made me feel welcome for my first visit to Honey Salt.
Happy 1st Anniversary Honey Salt.
I'm glad I finally got there!
Again, 3.5 stars.
(And I say that the same way Jay Rayner says the hoff in 3.5).
Basic, locals buffet.
The food was good.
The glazed carrots were a bit too sweet, but I made up for it by having sugar free desserts.
:)

The prime rib was excellent again, and I liked the catfish and chicken sausages.
The egg roll was very good.
Service was very quick and Rafael was quite nice.
The place was almost empty.
Wow, are they hurting for business.
A good value considering we had two free buffets.
PS:  I added some photos because  the poor little place had not yet had any posted so I had to take the camera and get some for Yelp.
Some people looked at me like I had two heads, but it's their problem.
Before the Seinfeld show, I came here for dinner.
I was seated in a great area that gave me some privacy but I still had a view of the tourists walking by as they went down the hallway toward the Nobu Hotel section of Caesars.
My server was Roque and he was excellent throughout my time there.
He was at the table quickly with menus and taking my drink order.
He made some recommendations and I had some questions about the size of different items on the menu.
In the end, I opted for the 16 ounce bone in filet and an order of duck fat fries.
I asked for the steak to be extra rare.
A bit later, Roque returned and asked if I wanted the steak seared on each side.
The bread service was good with two kinds of bread--mini loaves of salted topped herb bread and two baguette rolls.
The butter was unsalted but the salt on the one loaf made up for it.
My iced tea was brought promptly and it was always refilled without asking throughout the time I was there.
Empty sweetener packs were removed quickly.
The steak was brought and it had an excellent char and was beautifully rare.
It was also a very flavorful steak.
The duck fries were seasoned well but there was nothing out of the ordinary with them.
I really wanted to pick up the bone and gnaw some more meat off but I decided against that.
I ordered doughnut bread pudding for dessert.
They make doughnuts every day, cool them, pull them apart, mix them back together with the liquid necessary to form bread pudding and bake it in a ring.
Later, it's reheated, topped with caramel sauce and a dollop of vanilla bean ice cream.
It was very good and a great way to end a meal.
There's no reason to mess around with an appetizer when you can save room for the sweet ending!
Roque came back several times during the meal to see if everything was OK and to check to see if I needed anything.
He learned that I was a local and we had some small talk about things to do around Las Vegas that make this place such a wonderful place to live--like hiking to work off a meal.
This was a good meal.
It's definitely Strip pricing and Caesars pricing, too, which makes it more than some other steakhouses of equal quality in the resort corridor.
I needed to replace the battery on my home alarm system.
The closest place didn't have them in stock and they suggested I go here.
I was in and out in about 5 minutes and the person who helped me was very good.
Other than an attempt to sell me some AA batteries I didn't want, the transaction was fine.
The place is a good size, bright and clean.
McGhie's has become my go to place for bike repairs.
Today I had a flat rear tire that needed fixing.
They had it repaired and ready to go in 5 minutes.
This is what I've come to expect here.
The repair people do their work quickly and competently.
Last year I left my bike here for a tune up, and they had it in almost new shape when I picked it up.
I've always found the staff to be pleasant and helpful.
I recommend McGhie's for your bike needs.
I needed to get something for my wife for dinner when I was going out with friends.
I have seen Rustica as I've driven by and decided to give it a try.
I drove there and placed my order and waited for it.
About 10 minutes later, I left with a large--18 inch--New York Style four cheese pizza.
I also got 5 garlic knots that are free with a Yelp checkin.
My wife enjoyed the pizza and I had a leftover piece for lunch the next day.
While I like Sicilian crust better, this was good.
It was good enough that I purchased a Yelp deal that I'll use in the future.
A very OK spot with a nice menu and not far from home.
4.5 stars

This review is for the Restaurant Week 2011 Breakfast.
This was my first visit to DW Bistro.
I've been going to try it but never thought about going there when I was thinking of a different place.
Restaurant Week 2011 gave me a great reason to go.
The breakfast menu (good only Saturday and Sunday) had 3 courses.
The first two courses had three choices each and the third course - dessert - no choice but you didn't need any choice.
More on that later.
For my first course, I chose the DW oatmeal with toasted coconut and cream.
There were fresh berries including blueberries, red and yellow raspberries, blackberries, and some currants.
The toasted coconut added a texture and flavor that made this a great dish.
4/5 rating.
For the second course, I asked the advice of my server and I went with the crab cake Eggs Benedict with spicy Hollandaise and breakfast potatoes.
The crab in the cake was excellent.
The spicy Hollandaise was great, and the house potatoes had a zing that made them very tasty when compared with the normal fried breakfast potatoes.
5/5 rating.
Dessert course -- talk about decadent!
As I said, there was no choice for the dessert course because it was a sampler of four of DW's desserts.
They were: Red Velvet cake, whipped peanut butter pie, lemon-lime pudding with one blueberry (neat presentation for this), and Jamaican black bottom banana cream pie.
5/5 rating.
Service:  My server was Maggie and I never had to sing "Wake Up Maggie May."
She was on top of everything including getting me a clean saucer and a clean up from some spilled coffee--without me asking.
She also recommended the crab Benedict because it's not available all the time but my other choice is on the regular menu.
That's what a good server does and Maggie was superb!
A few little minuses - the oatmeal could have been served a bit hotter; what ever happened to spoons in restaurants in Las Vegas?
Do we have a severe spoon shortage of which I'm unaware.
I didn't get one with my coffee, but I didn't need one as I drink it black.
She only knew I didn't need cream.
What about sweetener?
; and, the noise level was a bit high for so few people there.
There is little wall covering to absorb the sounds.
It wasn't bothersome, but it was noticeable.
Now that I've been here, I know I'll be back for dinner and another breakfast to try the jerk pork hash.
I was to Tom's Urban after it first opened for a Yelp event.
This was a return prior to a concert at the T-Mobile Arena and since I had a large lunch, I opted to have just a dessert as a snack to finish the food day.
The greeter asked me if I wanted to go into the main dining area or just stay at the bar area along the walkway in NY NY Hotel & Casino.
I opted for the bar.
When I told the bar keep I was just having dessert, he gave me a menu and asked if he could get me something to drink.
Opting for ice water, I was soon given a large glass of very welcome coolness.
After looking at the limited dessert selections, I asked about the pineapple upside down cake.
He said that was their best seller and most liked dessert so that's what I ordered.
I enjoyed watching the tourists going by and within a fair amount of time, a server brought the cake.
It's a good tasting cake with fine pineapple flavor.
I don't think there's anything particularly special about it.
It's good and I might get it again.
Tom's Urban is in an enviable spot with the new arena and the Park.
There is a lot of traffic here and I can see myself coming back for dinner the next time I go to a show at the arena.
The bartender was a gem!
Personable and polite, he's a credit to Tom's Urban!
I was to Chef Marc's Parma a couple of times and visited two of his pizza places.
After all closed, I was waiting to see what would happen.
Then I heard that he had opened a new trattoria in the Lakes which is fairly close to where I live.
I made a reservation and entered just before the reserved time at 5:15.
I was shown to a two top table around the wall from the entrance with a view of part of the restaurant.
In a short time, the waiter brought water, took my order for iced tea, and while this was going on, Chef Marc came to the table to greet me and to talk about the new place and then the specials for the night and he was talking up some of the dishes on the menu.
I ended up ordering the charred octopus to start.
It's served with white beans, celery, and lemon juice.
The octopus was nicely charred and the pieces were very plump and juicy.
In order to try both a pasta and a main course, my server, Donny, suggested the kitchen would make me a smaller portion of pasta.
I decided to get the small portion of wild mushroom ravioli with a truffle butter and parmesan cheese sauce.
The server added extra grated cheese.
The parmesan cream sauce was a perfect compliment to the ravioli and the smaller order was a generous portion but not enough to fill one up for the main course.
For the main, I ordered Scottish Salmon which was one of the two fish of the day selections.
The salmon had a coating of red and black pepper for a spicy taste and it was cooked perfectly.
Accompanying the salmon was a small amount of mashed potatoes and some glazed carrots.
I didn't think anyone served glazed carrots anymore but there they were.
While I would rather have had something else, they were OK and they gave a good counterpoint to the salmon's spicy topping.
For dessert, I got Italian style cheesecake and a double espresso.
Both were a good finish to a pleasant meal.
Service was excellent.
The staff was on everything immediately.
My only problem was with the sound.
The evening started with few customers and you could hear Sinatra singing.
Later, as more people came, the place got very loud from peoples' talk.
It just reverberated around the relatively small place.
I was glad they didn't turn up the music to try to make up for the loud talking.
Before a show at the Palazzo, I came here for dinner.
First impressions were not that good as there was no one at the podium.
A waiter came up to me, didn't say anything, and then turned and left.
Another waiter came over and showed me to a table on their "patio" along the Grand Canal Shops at the Venetian.
The tables are very close together in this area and as has been stated in other reviews, this is a high traffic area.
I tend to like people watching so I didn't mind the traffic.
It would have been nice if I didn't have to pretend not to hear the conversation of the two women at the table an arm's length from me.
I was brought a menu and asked about drinks.
Soon a server came with three cheese and garlic rolls and some balsamic and EVOO which he left on the table.
My iced tea was brought and I ordered.
Asking the server what was the smallest appetizer, he suggested the caprese.
I ordered the caprese and the pesto gnocchi.
The caprese was OK.
The tomatoes were hot house tomatoes and not very flavorful and a bit hard.
The burrata was quite good.
The pouch of cheese pulled apart and I could place it on the tomato slices.
My server had done some freshly grated pepper on the caprese and that helped.
The best appetizer would have been simply the cheese with some bread and EVOO and let the tomatoes die on the hothouse floor.
The pesto gnocchi was pretty standard.
There wasn't a strong pesto flavor, but the gnocchi were soft and tasty.
After dinner, the server brought me a tray of dessert replicas and I chose the tiramisu.
It's done in a manner you don't see very often.
Instead of a cake like dessert, this version is mostly cream with lots of chocolate powder and some pieces of cake and chocolate near the bottom of the cream.
This was the best part of the meal.
The cream was perfect.
My only complaint is the dessert was served in a fluted goblet, but in the manner of drizzling syrups and sauces over dishes for looks, the plate on which the goblet rested was lined with caramel sauce and confectioners' sugar.
Why decorate a plate on which there's no food?
In fact, I got part of my hand on the caramel and I needed to find a washroom after I left to wash it all off.
Service was good except for the start.
The place is OK but it's not a place I need to return to for Italian food.
Too many choices in this complex alone.
A friend kept telling me that I had to try this place that it was a place I'd really like.
On the way home from Henderson, this was an easy off the 215 and I decided to give it a try.
You order at the counter and a server brings your food when it's ready.
You also get a cup for iced tea and you serve yourself.
The sign out front said 7 days a week lunch specials but I didn't find anything especially appealing nor of good value.
I don't order sushi at places like this.
I prefer nigiri to rolls.
I ordered their crispy chicken mayo bowl with jasmine rice (you have a choice of white, brown, or jasmine rice.)
The rice comes with deep fried chicken, shredded egg, mayo, and sweet soy sauce.
While waiting, I got my iced tea.
I found it strange the cashier didn't know if they had unsweetened tea.
They actually have one of the 4 variety pick of iced teas next to their Coke machine.
In a short time, a runner brought my chicken mayo bowl.
The chicken was crispy and the squeezed mayo gave it a good taste.
My favorite part was the egg in the rice.
The meal was OK--something different--but I don't see myself returning here except to try one other bowl that's listed as spicy.
maybe I can get them to up their spice level when I go.
The place is worth a try!
This was a 5 star trip!
The only thing was I wish it was an hour longer.
I took a helicopter to the Grand Canyon several years ago and it promised a landing in the Grand Canyon with meal, Western shoot out, and the opportunity to ride horses.
Little did I know that I'd see a small part of the canyon itself before landing on a plateau several miles from the river and at a private ranch.
Papillon provided the real thing!
Being a local, I drove to the Boulder City Airport and checked in with Papillon.
I looked around the terminal and checked out some of the gift shop items especially the photographs for sale.
Our pilot, Rob--a fine gentleman and very knowledgable tour guide--made the trip even more pleasant.
We had seen a safety video and Rob reiterated some of the things before we boarded the helicopter.
It was then off to the Grand Canyon with the first sight being Hoover Dam.
He turned the helicopter so both sides had perfect views and photo opportunities.
His descriptions of things were right on.
Being a volunteer at some public lands in the area, I have heard some tour leaders spin false tales about what the tourists are seeing.
Rob was on point with all his descriptions.
Nothing made up, nothing aggrandized for tourists to go back home and tell tall tales to their friends.
The flight was smooth, the helicopter a thing of beauty, and the flight was perfect with Rob's experience being evident.
Landing a few hundred feet above the river was exciting and a thing of grand beauty.
I wish I had my hiking boots and a half hour to hike to the river and back.
I will go on this tour again.
It is great!
I recommend Papillon very highly!!
Between two shows last night, I had about 45 minutes to kill so I drove the short distance here to get a McFlurry.
For me, McDonald's has become a place to get a  side salad or a quick dessert.
Dessert it was.
The drive through was packed, so I parked at the convenience store parking and went inside.
The staff was very friendly.
The only issue I had was with adding to my Arch card account.
They couldn't remember how to do it.
After awhile, a light bulb went off and I had some money loaded on the card.
I got my Oreo McFlurry and I sat in the restaurant to enjoy it.
It was good--typical McDonald's--it's the same at each location.
The restaurant was relatively clean.
There was a table that needed clearing but other than that, it was neat.
There's also free wifi which made checking my email a breeze.
It was very snappy.
There are some pictures on the walls that look like they are made of jigsaw puzzle pieces.
One was of Ray Croc.
I couldn't tell if they were real puzzle pieces or if the art had been designed to just look that way.
I'll be back when I'm in the area of Commercial Center and need a soft ice cream fix.
*** Review is for casino and garage only***

I went to the Quad last night, November 22, to see the Headliners 2013 in the Q Theatre.
First, with the construction of the Big Wheel and Project Linq, finding a way in can be a challenge.
Once I got to the garage, there was a large stream of water flowing through from just two days on light but continual rain.
Imagine if it had been a sudden thunderstorm.
This parking garage, aside from the constant flooding, is a joke.
Even on the first level up, there was a large amount of standing water.
Once I got into the casino, I saw that they have redone some of it quite nicely.
There is still a large sectioned off area where renovation continues as it changes from the Imperial Palace to the Quad.
There's nice new carpeting and new tile in the casino area.
The showroom is the same as it always has been.
There are just some new signs with the new red lettering and fonts.
While the place has been gussied up some, this is still not a casino that would be a destination for me.
For a show, I'll come here.
Other than that, no.
This is a normal Starbuck's outlet.
It does not have a drive through which makes it somewhat quaint.
The pace is a bit laid back because you have to park and actually walk inside.
I have always found the staff to be pleasant and efficient.
This is a difficult review to write.
I had the $39.99 prix fixe tasting menu about which the Mirage has been sending me emails for a few months.
All the food I had was excellent.
I had lobster tacos, the prime skirt steak, and the jelly donut munchkin holes for dessert.
These get high marks in my review.
The tacos were luscious--the guacamole served with them was excellent!
The skirt steak was served with two sauces that were also very well done.
The munchkin jelly donut holes were really tasty with or without the vanilla sauce that came with them.
Now for the minuses.
I had no bread service.
Evidently, if you order from the prix fixe menu, there is no bread service.
I didn't notice this until I was almost finished with my steak, so I didn't bother to ask then.
The steak came with two thin waffle potato chips.
That's it--no side of any kind, not a carrot slice, one broccoli floret, nothing!
I found it amazing when the server suggested I might want to order a side so I had enough to eat.
I did order a side of mashed potatoes at $8.
That sort of negates the prix fixe of early dining.
When I first arrived the waitress brought me a "new" prix fixe menu at $59.99 that I should consider as it would entail more food.
This is not on the Mirage website.
I did notice there was more food served including sides.
It seems to be a bait and switch scheme, but maybe no.
I considered giving Stack a 2 rating but the food was all so good, I just couldn't.
I do know I won't be returning here.
Edit:  You know, I have to give it a 2 star rating.
This just doesn't deserve 3 stars.
One star deleted.
Review for Spring Restaurant Week 2012 menu:

I went to Envy tonight for the last night of Restaurant Week for this spring.
The choices were limited which is to be expected for a RW menu.
The bread basket was quite nice with slices of French bread, white chocolate walnut bread, and some breadsticks.
Course 1:  I opted for the Butternut Squash Soup with brown sugar croutons.
This was excellent!
When I took some soup with a crouton, I had both a somewhat sweet taste mixed with the flavor of the squash.
Truly inspired thinking on the part of the chef to come up with this combination.
Before Course 2, my server, Joshua, brought me a small triple dish that had sea salts from different parts of the world.
The white was from Australia, the black from Hawaii, and the pink was Murray River salt.
He urged me to try the salt but to use care because it can be overdone.
It was fun trying the different flavors with pieces of steak.
Australian was my favorite.
Course 2:  Of course I chose the filet mignon.
Why get salmon at a steak house?
The steak was anchored on some very thin slices of sweet potato.
The steak was cooked correctly.
I ordered it black and blue and it almost was.
Done a bit more than I like because it wasn't blue enough.
Course 3:  There was no choice here but who needed one?
RW dessert is triple chocolate lava cake.
It was outstanding.
The chocolate was rich.
It was also bittersweet chocolate which was a good choice to keep the overall sweetness in check.
There was a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top.
Great end to the meal.
A couple of things prevent me from giving a higher rating.
I'm not sure if the bread was warmed in a microwave but it seemed that way.
When I decided to have a second slice of that wonderful white chocolate walnut, it had dried quickly and had a bit of a crust on it.
This doesn't happen with fresh bread unless it's microwaved for heating.
As mentioned before, the steak was a little too done for me.
Finally, as another reviewer noted, you have to take into account the beautiful surroundings, the good service, and the portion size vis à vis the price and Envy comes up a bit short.
I realize this is an RW menu, but when comparing it to other places I went during Restaurant Week, Envy couldn't compare with some of the others.
The service was excellent.
Joshua, was very knowledgable and helpful.
Props to Chef Michael for stopping by the table to chat with me and ask for feedback about the meal.
This was a good experience, but I'm not sure if I'd return.
I checked the regular menu and I'm sure my wife would be happier where her choices were more numerous.
I wanted to try this new restaurant before going to see Celine.
I arrived five minutes early and shortly the hostess on the first floor called an elevator for me and I went to the second floor where Mr. Chow is located.
A maître d' came out and introduced himself and said I would be seated shorty.
The staff was going through its kung fu before starting service.
Check my photo for this definition of kung fu.
It has nothing to do with marshall arts.
In a minute or so, a familiar face appeared at the hostess stand--it was Mr. Chow.
He asked my name and the name of the woman who had arrived shortly after me.
He took the two of us into the restaurant and introduced us to the entire staff.
The staff then finished with a countdown after Mr. Chow asked them if they were going to give us the best service there was.
I'm paraphrasing.
I was taken to my seat and menus were placed and I was asked about water and drinks.
Tap and iced tea.
Standard for me.
It was about then that the kinetic sculpture descended and starting going through its 5 minute show.
Quite interesting and innovative.
My server was a bit concerned about me dining alone as there plates are meant to be shared and maybe I should have a few apps and sort of do it like a taps place (my words).
That wasn't why I was there.
I studied the menu and picked out three items.
He had suggested a double order of chicken satay, but I decided on a single order--which consists of one satay--and I ordered the turnip puffs.
I also ordered the With Three dish.
It should be noted there is a $40 minimum charge per person.
Not to worry, this threshold is very easy to surpass.
After my water and iced tea were brought, a runner came with Mr. Chow's homemade hot sauce.
Shortly, another runner brought the chicken satay and a very hot share plate with the Mr. Chow name on it.
The chicken satay was a bit disappointing.
The sauce on it didn't flavor it all that much and it was a standard chicken satay.
My second course was the turnip puffs.
There were six in the order and the pastry was done nicely.
I did use some of the hot sauce with these and the hot sauce rescued the puffs from tasteless oblivion.
This made the experience so far at 0 for 2.
The main course was brought.
The With Three consists of prawns, chicken, calves liver and sea mushroom sautéed in wine (quoting from the menu).
The sea mushroom was outstanding!
I think there was one prawn with much chicken and some calves liver.
This was really a different dish and that's what struck me as I was looking through the menu.
Unless you eat like a super model--or maybe I eat too much--this was not a dish to be shared unless a couple is ordering several dishes and tasting a little of each.
For one person, it's not hard to render the plate empty.
After the table was cleared, a woman came pushing the dessert trolley through.
Lychee, carrot cake, rummed oranges, I believe, a triple chocolate cake, and some others.
I got the triple chocolate cake and it was the winner of the evening.
Service was excellent almost to the point of being overdone--patronizingly so.
Everyone is very pleasant.
They haven;'t had their grand  opening yet, I was told, and they'll have no problem with it.
This staff knows its stuff pretty well.
There were a few mistakes in the menu in my case but nothing terrible.
Spending the amount I did, I would have hoped I left with more positive thoughts about the dining experience.
Instead, I'll remember three important words--Spring Mountain Road.
I went to see "Shades of Sinatra" for the third time last night and the show was great as always!
The show is a very pleasant tribute to Frank Sinatra.
The cast--roughly resembling members of the Rat Pack--sing some of the songs Sinatra made famous and they ask the audience to join in if they remember the songs.
We all do remember, but few people joined in.
Why ruin such good singing coming from the stage?
The show has been moved from the Wolf Theatre in the Clarion Hotel to the main showroom.
The production has lost some of its intimacy and the small audience last night seemed lost in the large main theatre compared to the intimate setting of the Wolf which was once Debbie Reynolds' screening room when she owned the hotel.
The four singers of "Shades" are Ryan Baker, Lisa Smith, Carmine Mandia, and Larry Liso.
They all give strong performances doing the Sinatra songs.
They also say from the get go that they are not impersonators.
Rather they are tribute artists singing Sinatra's songs.
As long as "Shades" is in town, I'll go to see them.
It truly is an enjoyable evening with some good talent!
This is where I have been going to buy my meats.
It's not the cheapest place, but they have a nice selection and I like the area where they'll cut steaks for you.
Review is for Spring Restaurant Week 2012 menu:

This was an extremely enjoyable meal.
I got here early enough I could sit on their patio overlooking the Fountains of Bellagio.
They had 8 LP heaters cranking out the warmth and it was great.
Nothing says success like location, location, location.
On with the meal.
You get a nice basket of bread and lavash and a three section dish with olive tapenade and olives.
One section has green olive tapenade, the middle has a small olive assortment, and the last section has a ripe olive tapenade.
The tapenade with the bread and the lavash is almost addictive.
Ask your server and you'll get the recipe they use for making the tapenade.
Course 1:  I ordered the crispy lamb lollipops with sweet corn raita, Calvados demi-glaze, Za'atar carrots, and Greek yogurt.
The description comes from their Restaurant Week menu.
It was very good, but it was poorly named.
I expected some kind of different use of lamb to create a lollipop.
Instead, they were lamb ribs.
They were tasty with a nice crispness, but it wasn't what I was expecting.
The corn was an excellent accompaniment.
Course 2:  I got the Airline chicken breast on a bed of lobster mac and cheese with broccoli florets and "Truffle Fondue, Buttered Broccoli Florets, Marsala Jus, Toasted Bread Crumbs."
The quoted part is from their description.
The word fondue is used very loosely.
The chicken was nicely grilled and seasoned well.
The meat was very juicy.
Course 3:  I got the Strawberry Mascarpone cheesecake with the center filled with a rhubarb mixture.
Excellent dessert.
Service was very good.
It was relaxed although the place was crowded and I was taking up a primo spot on the patio.
Iced tea was refilled often.
The courses were spaced nicely so I got to enjoy 3 fountain shows during the meal.
It really is a nice spot, and it's a place to which I'll return.
That after all is part of why restaurants participate in Restaurant Week.
I stopped here to get tickets for Super Summer Theatre.
The woman who helped me was very pleasant.
The transaction was done in no time whatsoever and I was out the door.
I am sure if I was there to plan a trip I would have received the same great service!
Parking is great because it's in a plaza.
I will probably buy the tickets here in the future as it saved me a trip to the UNLV campus.
I don't drink.
I needed a gift to bring to a host of a party to which I'm going.
What better than wine?
What do you do when you don't know anything about wine and you don't want to buy "Two buck Chuck?"
Go to Total Wine and be overwhelmed by the massive inventory.
Read the descriptions, pick a reasonably priced wine, and quickly pay at the register and voila, you have your gift.
It would be a much better experience if I knew what the hell I was doing!
I have heard people describe IKEA stores in Southern California and while I understood they were large places, you doesn't really get the impact until you start to walk the path that winds through the forest to Oz.
I met some friends here for breakfast at the store and then we did the walk.
There is a lot of stuff here.
Most of the store is filled with things I don't need but was fun to look at and explore nonetheless.
I found the first floor, with its kitchen gadgets and cookware to be the most interesting part of the store and the reason I'd go back.
You can get to other places in the store without following the long path.
Look for the short cut signs above the aisle.
I did find the spaces that had designated room sizes that had appliances and furniture that would fit into that size area to be quite interesting.
Great marketing concept.
IKEA is OK but if I wanted furniture or appliances, I'd go elsewhere.
It's easier.
Maybe not as much fun or as interesting, but it would be easier.
Free wifi if you enter your IKEA Friends code when asked.
I came here for dinner before a play at UNLV because I wanted to try their pupusas.
I first had pupusas in East Los Angeles and that place set the bar high for anyone to match.
Rincon Catracho made it over the bar.
As others have mentioned, Spanish is the language at Rincon.
My server could not understand me.
I pointed at the menu and read the Spanish for the two flavors I was ordering.
The server turned to a young man who translated for me.
Gracias #1.
After getting my diet Coke and while waiting for my pupusas, a woman at an adjoining table asked me if I really wanted one to eat there and one to take home.
When I said no, she sent her son to tell the server the error and the correction was made.
Gracias #2.
While waiting, she brought my slaw and tomato sauce.
All the while I enjoyed the complimentary chips topped with a tomato sauce and cotija cheese.
They were very good and I almost finished the basket before I left.
Soon the server brought my two pupusas--one cheese and loroco and one cheese and pork.
I heaped the slaw on top both and squeezed the tomato sauce onto these hot goodies.
They were excellent!
Time was getting to be a factor.
I Googled menu in Spanish on my phone but by the time the server came back, rather than ask for a menu, I remembered flan and that I can say.
That's what I ordered and it was very good, too!
My server was a delightful young woman with a great smile.
My problem with her was that she was having a good time with the young guys at the next table and that was the cause for my time constraint.
I also think she had a hard time dealing with my lack of Spanish.
Next time I go, I'll do one of two things--take one of my Spanish speaking friends from Yelp or mark things down from the menu and just hand them the paper with my order, gabacho that I am.
This place is good and I will make a return visit.
Pupusas to go to enjoy at home?
You betcha!
For the casino only:

Nice enough casino especially because they have a section that is non-smoking.
It's great not having to fight the wasps of smoke coming from different directions.
The casino is huge and there are machines and table games for anyone.
Drink service is prompt.
I stopped here on the way home from a lecture at UNLV and I'm glad I did.
They are nearing the end of a promotion with some special flavors, and I was really pleased with the choices available.
I had some toasted coconut which was OK.
The best one was the black sesame vanilla which they say is from Japan.
The flavors available represent many countries around the world and I need to get back before the promotion ends.
The shop was very clean, there was plenty of seating, and the staff was quick and polite.
Parking this evening was great!
I am a fan!
I normally buy a copy of the LA Times when I stop in Albertsons to get my Starbucks each morning after the gym.
Recently, the person who delivers to Albertsons has been undependable and there have been no Times when I stopped to get the paper.
I was meeting some friends in the West garage at Red Rock Casino and I thought I'd try there.
I saw a floor person and asked him if they had a newsstand and he suggested I try the gift shop.
Sure enough, they had several Times and I left there with a big smile and some newfound knowledge about Red Rock Casino.
Today, the only papers at Albertsons were yesterday's edition of the Times.
I parked in the garage, made the walk to The Shop, and they had several copies again.
This will be my go to place when I'm in a bind for my daily Los Angeles Times fix!
I haven't spent a lot of time at the museum displays.
Rather, I often to to the Barrick for the UNLV Forum lecture series.
The museum is small as others have pointed out, but it's exhibits are wonderful.
I love the little sand digging option for youngsters to enjoy and learn while digging in sand.
There's a new exhibit starting in two days called "Visions of Peru."
I'll have to stop in and see it.
The curators have a sense of community and humor.
Here's a quote about an upcoming event:

March 14, 2011 - March 18, 2011
Location: Marjorie Barrick Museum
Plants Vacation @ the Museum during Spring Break

The Museum invites you to give your houseplant a vacation during Sping Break for a cultural retreat for plants.
Throughout the week participants plants will be housed in the light flooded lobby, and presented with a series of musical events for plants.
The drop off date will be March 14, and the pick-up will be on March 18.
Please e-mail barrick.museum@unlv.edu with the subject line 'PLANT VACATION' to tell us if you are interested in giving your plant a vacation.
The thing I like most of McCarran is when I arrive back home and see the large display screens and I hear the ads for the shows on the Strip.
I know I'm home.
McCarran operates relatively efficiently, but sometimes the baggage wait seems interminable.
Tonight I waited and waited for my wife's suitcase to show itself on Carousel 16.
No suitcase,  I went to report it, and there was the case.
Her first leg got into Philadelphia so early, it was sent on an earlier flight.
It has been sitting there all that time.
I wish I knew that.
One of the great things about McCarran is the Cannon Air Museum on the second floor above baggage claim.
There are some wonderful photos and objects of early Las Vegas airports and airlines, and it's quite interesting.
Finally, where else do you arrive/depart to the site of slot machines!
Enough said!
I was on my way yesterday (4-16-10) to try Bosa 1 on Jones, but when I got there, I found they close at 3:30 on Friday afternoons.
I headed to Spring Mountain Road to do some exploring.
As I came alongside the Pacific Asian Plaza, I remembered a friend saying there was a great Malaysian restaurant there.
There was Penang on the second floor.
I got an order of Curry Puffs for an appetizer.
I wondered what was taking so long.
The puffs are 4 good-sized pastries filled with a very good ground potato, chicken, tofu mixture with a curry seasoning.
They were very hot from the oven - hence the wait.
They were excellent.
For the main course, I got the Homemade tofu with scallops and lobster sauce.
There were no scallops, but there was a good amount of shrimp.
The tofu was absolutely sensational!!
I decided to give the Malaysian iced coffee a try and it was good.
Not something I'd get every time, but it certainly was worth a try.
I'm glad I stopped here.
I have enough leftovers for dinner tonight.
The portions are so large, there is enough for two to share if you want.
Service was excellent.
And note, this is another Chinatown restaurant that does CASH ONLY.
We came here for dinner before a show.
We had no reservation but since it was only 5:30, we were seated promptly.
Our order for iced teas were taken promptly.
We were brought a basket of sliced bread and some butter.
My wife ordered the Cottage Pie with split pea soup for an appetizer.
I got the South Point cut of prime rib with a baked potato.
For my starter I got the prime salad with bleu cheese dressing.
My wife enjoyed her soup.
My salad was tossed table side on a classic style steakhouse cart.
The greens and dressing were in the wooden bowl when he pushed the cart to the table.
He mixed the dressing and greens together.
It was quite good and a server gave me some freshly ground pepper.
Our main courses arrived and my prime rib was very rare as I ordered.
My baked potato was loaded with butter and sour cream as I asked and I was given a side of creamy horseradish.
I opted not to get the blackened cajun thanks to Philip T's review.
I also don't like that the "blackening" process cooks the meat more than I care for.
For dessert, my wife got the tartufo, a white chocolate and raspberry dessert that consisted of a ball of raspberry sherbet surrounded by some vanilla ice cream covered with white chocolate.
There were some fresh berries with it also.
I got the chocolate layer cake which was not a standard slice of cake but rather a two layer round cake frosted with chocolate and also served with fresh berries.
The meal was good and service was very good.
Robert and Jayme made a good team for the table.
This was a good meal and something different to try.
*** Note:  Three of us were guests of PR people for Stratta.
There was no check nor gratuity but was taken care of by our hosts.
***

Six of us ordered a lot of things from the menu and shared everything.
Items ordered were:

Foie gras conserva
Spanish Osetra caviar
Potato 'tortilla'
Roasted eggplant dip
Baked Monte Enebro
Paella Valenciana
Black kale fritters
Fried oysters
Medjool dates
Bacalao
Grilled octopus
Bone marrow dip
Chicken croquetas
Patatas bravas
Saffron 'alioli'
Frozen nougat
Arroz con leche
Chocolate and almond cake
Bunuelos
Churros

The top dish of this meal was the paella.
The Valenciana has rabbit, snails, and broad beans.
The rice was crisp on the bottom and the proteins were perfect.
Next in my favorites is the baked Monte Enebro.
The melted cheese topped with caramelized onions and pistachio crust was excellent.
The cheese flavor was strong and the pistachio pieces made a good texture enhancement.
My third favorite was the Bacalao cod.
The salted fish was very flavorful with the olives and fennel especially adding to the flavor.
If you come here, a must would be the frozen nougat for dessert.
It is delicious!
The other tapas plates we tried were good for the most part but there was nothing that grabbed me.
The Medjool dates were good but there are a number of places that do dates just as well.
I found the foie gras disappointing and the bone marrow dip was OK but lacking in the flavor I get from bone marrow from the bone instead of melted into a dish.
The restaurant just opened so I have to give the servers a little slack.
Everyone was very pleasant but it was the little things that pull down my opinion.
We were not given fresh plates during the tasting but got them before dessert when the table was cleaned for the desserts.
In cleaning, a server took my water glass and it wasn't replaced.
There is a lack of bread--toast points, etc.--with the tapas.
While there wasn't much foie gras to the serving, three small triangles is not enough to try the foie and the apricot jam that accompanied the dish.
You're almost paying Strip prices for Tivoli Village tapas.
The meal was certainly OK but I'm not sure I'd come back save to have more paella or nougat.
I came here to drop of some toys for the Yelp's Toys for Tater Tots.
It was mid-afternoon and there were few people inside and two or three tables used on the patio.
I ordered the chicken curry bowl for my lunch/dinner.
My iced tea was brought quickly and was refilled without needing to ask.
The menu describes the bowl in this way:  Chicken and vegetables, slow-cooked in our scratch made coconut curry, served over steamed white or brown rice with our fiery carrot slaw.
The carrot slaw was not fiery to my taste but it did have some red pepper sesame oil poured on the carrot thins and it was very good.
You have the option of white or brown rice and I chose brown.
The curry chicken had a good curry flavor and the serving size was very generous.
Throwing caution to the wind (when don't I?)
I ordered dessert--the Simms Family S'more.
The menu describes it thusly:  ...this house favorite is made with layers of rich chocolate fudge, graham cracker crust, peanut butter and warm brownie, topped with a giant, fire-roasted, housemade marshmallow and crushed peanuts.
The s'more was OK but I'd get a different dessert the next time.
The chocolate was very good but the marshmallow was a bit of a challenge.
Since it's one thick piece of marshmallow, you have to attack it with your spoon, hold it up off the dish, and wait for the lower part to slowly drop away.
It was a bit of a challenge using just the spoon.
It was tasty but I never like fighting with my food.
Service was outstanding.
What would normally me a 3 star review earned the fourth star with the friendliness of the staff.
Although it was a rather slow time, I'm guessing it's generally that way.
Close to home and a good selection, I'll be back.
This is an old school restaurant and it's very good.
I came here for a show and had dinner in their restaurant section before moving to the room where they have entertainment and dancing.
I was seated promptly and given a menu.
Someone quickly came for drink order and I soon had my iced tea.
After asking my server, Andrea, some questions about portion sizes, I went with a Caesar salad to start and veal marsala for my main course.
I was brought bread that was accompanied by three butters--one regular, one pesto flavored, and one olive flavored.
My salad was quite large and it was very good.
Light on the dressing but heavy with the cheese and the cheese is done a different way.
The parmesan slices are baked in a bowl and broken and put in pieces under and throughout the salad.
This baking gives the cheese extra flavor and I really enjoyed the salad.
The veal was very good.
The marsala sauce was rich and flavorful.
With the dish came a choice of side--either pasta or potato--and I took the daily pasta of ziti with marinara.
This was a good dish of pasta.
I asked Andrea for her recommendation on dessert.
She to;d me her favorite was cannoli, but I have been disappointed by some restaurants in the past with cannoli so I went with her second choice--their house made tiramisu.
It was very good  with mascarpone, lady fingers, espresso and Belgian cocoa.
The espresso was not overpowering and the same for the cocoa.
It was a perfectly balanced, creamy, tasty ending to the meal.
Service was excellent!
All the servers and bussers constantly circulated through the two rooms.
No table was just one person's.
Rather, they all looked out for each other and served the customers well.
This is somewhat why I call it old school.
The service and food are two reasons why the place has been around for over 50 years.
This place could easily be a 4 or 4.5 star restaurant but it was an accumulation of little things that made me subtract the star and a half.
First, when I got to the podium, there was no one around.
Immediately behind me at the bar were 3 employees.
They all saw me, yet not one said a word--not so much as a "someone will be right there" or "let me go get someone."
Nothing, nada!
Several minutes went by and a woman appeared from a door which turned out to be the kitchen.
She then seated me.
Little thing #1.
I had a Groupon and she asked to see it.
When I loaded it on my iPhone she stated she wasn't sure they were doing it that way.
They wanted a paper printout.
At that point I was ready to leave so she said she'd talk to the manager.
He agreed to take the Groupon number if they could copy my ID.
What?
Little thing #2.
There are 6 entrees on the dinner menu and 6 items on the dessert menu.
They forgot one item from my steak and they were out of bananas for the dessert.
Their banana supplier had not yet been there.
Little thing getting bigger #3.
Charge for a second iced tea at $3.
It was a partial refill.
I had 1/3 left when she asked if I wanted more.
Bigger little thing #4.
Now for the meal--it was superb!
I got the 8 ounce filet which was on a bed of garlic-onion mashed potatoes (the menu says puree, but it isn't).
There were 5 stalks of grilled asparagus for the seasonal vegetable (they were perfect!
), and the drizzled Port syrup was very tasty.
The crispy tater strings were forgotten or maybe they hadn't been delivered yet, either.
For dessert, I had the Gossip Sundae--green tea ice cream on powdered crispy wontons with butter rum caramel sauce, caramelized bananas, and walnuts.
Of course, the bananas were missing.
Plating for the entree and dessert were nicely done.
I looked at some of the photos for the restaurant to see what I should have gotten.
I sure wish they had gotten their delivery!
I'm not sure if I'll give Addiction another chance.
It is good, but there are too many little things that just add up to a subtraction in the enjoyment of the meal.
There's no way I can write about RX Boiler Room without giving it the highest praise.
What a super spot and boy does it make it easy to have dinner with a fussy wife (did I say that?)
Last night was KNPR night at Cirque's Michael Jackson One.
m I looked at the menu and found that there was enough here for her to eat.
Eating tapas portions is great because you can try different things without getting something you're not particularly fond of.
We were quickly brought the iced teas we ordered and then we ordered the following from the Dips and Bites section of the menu:  For me--chicken liver pâté with a port wine jelly on top.
It was delicious and something I can enjoy because Andrea wouldn't even touch the glass if I paid her to do it, even double dared!
We also got an order of Inside Out French Onion Grilled Cheese and an order of Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets.
The cheese sandwich has three kinds of cheese and the caramelized onions from onion soup in the sandwich.
The "soup" is a small metal container of the au jus from onion soup.
The Chicken Pot Pie bites are wonderful!
Small, deep fried tater tot shaped goodness with peas and carrots inside the nuggets.
Boy, were they good!
That about did it for normal food so it was on to dessert.
Andrea got their Peach cobbler and our server warned her it wasn't a standard peach cobbler but had cinnamon ice cream with... At that point, Andrea stopped her and said, "I'll have that!"
Just say cinnamon and it will be good.
I ordered the greent tea panna cotta that had small bits of fruit and pieces of macadamia nuts on top.
It was also very, very good.
Now about the service, Chef Moonen, whoever did the hiring and the training for your new restaurant deserves a raise!
Everyone, whether they were associated with our table or not, was king, polite, and had a pleasant smile and were very accommodating.
Our server, Alex, was a pure delight.
She knew the menu inside out, knew how to describe the food, recommended some things, and was a very efficient and pleasant server.
The runner who brought the food was also smiling and friendly.
When we were leaving, I saw an elevator and I asked if it was for use by the general public.
One of their staff said of course and called the elevator for us.
It saved a number of steps to the other side of the Mandalay Place Shops and we exited right outside the casino.
One final mention about Alex.
She had on this red bustier type top and short shorts!
I almost asked her if I could take her photo, but that would have almost been an outrageous request for obvious reasons.
She was a delight, visually and professionally.
If you read this, Alex, let me know if it's OK for next time!
Chef Moonen, the person who hired should get a raise.
Hint, hint!
I can't wait to go back and try some more of their goodies and I think I've sold my wife on tapas style dinners.
This review is for my visit to the Starbucks in this store.
The manager was recently moved here from my normal store and I wanted to have a drink and say hello.
I agree with the other comments about the poor parking and being run down.
However, for my needs, the Starbucks outlet is in the front of the store.
After a brief visit with my friend, I left with my coffee and a smile.
I've been waiting for another option to come to the area and it's here.
Sprouts opened two days ago and I stopped today.
As someone else noted in their review, the staff was amazing!
They were so helpful and cheery.
Let's hope that continues.
I basically strolled around and looked at a lot for future reference.
I also bought more than I thought I would when I went there.
There was a nice selection of packaged Indian foods and I got several of these.
I won't have to drive to the Indian market to get some of this in the future and there was some items I've never seen before.
I also looked at the meat section.
The steaks are huge--NY strips big enough to feed two or more.
Even though the story was very busy with people like me checking it out, it was easy to navigate the smaller store without crashing carts.
I am a fan and I'll be stopping more often.
It's only about a mile from home!
Welcome to the neighborhood, Sprouts!
I met a friend from out of town and he picked this spot for our dinner get together.
It was a Monday and it was prime rib night.
Wait time was a minimum and we were seated fairly quickly and brought our drinks soon, too!
I went up and walked the line to see what they had.
It's not one of the better Boyd casino buffets.
They did however have some rare prime rib and that was my first stop.
I went back a second time and got some salad and other items that are different than other Boyd properties including pulled pork.
The dessert selection is OK.
Overall, the place is OK but I wouldn't drive to Fremont Street to eat here.
There are so many better places near home that I wouldn't choose the Fremont.
I'm definitely a fan of this McDonald's tucked on the side of a Terrible's gas station and convenience store.
Before it's gone, I had to get one of their seasonal egg nog shakes.
I drove here from Wally World and parked directly in front of the door.
There were a few people at the drive through and a few inside the McDonald's itself.
The counter person came quickly and took my order.
I paid and stood aside while she made the shake.
It was quickly given to me and it was good.
One of my few (that's a joke) bad holiday habits.
I was soon on my way happily sipping this sweet goodness and already plotting to stop for just one more before they're gone.
I used to have a mini-season ticket to the 51s and then it seemed to become too much of a chore going to games so often and I fell away from going.
With our Yelp event here, it was time for me to get back into the summer pastime and enjoy a ball game.
The 51s have never been strong contenders for league winners.
They have been affiliated with the Dodgers, the Blue Jays, and now the Mets.
Except for the facts that the 51s won the other night, what fascinated me the most was seeing the "bottoms up" beer machine which was right below where I was sitting.
It was $1 beer night, so there were a number of people coming by.
I asked Jared N. and Anthony M. how the thing worked.
A short lesson later, I was watching the little magnet being pushed up as the kindly barmaids pushed the cups onto the filler.
Fantastic!
There have been some rumors that the 51s will be re-branding and using a different name and a new theme.
The team has been sold and the new owners want to build a new stadium a block from where I live.
Gone may be the Area 51 reference in their name and the mascot, Cosmo.
Speaking of Cosmo, anyone who has to prance around in an outfit like that when the summer temperatures are in the 100s deserves to be paid well!
It's fun to go to a 51s game and I'll be back sooner than the years I've let go by without returning to Cashman Field for a game.
This is an excellent buffet.
We had dinner here tonight.
I loved the Kobe sirloin, the mushroom ravioli with truffle pieces, and the roast lamb.
There was also some good salmon poke and jumbo peeled shrimp.
The food items are laid out in a nice order and they're easily accessible.
Of course, what would dinner be without mentioning desserts.
That is why we eat, no?
I had a dark chocolate, raspberry cone (a mini chocolate ice cream cone filled with creamy dark chocolate and fresh raspberries) and Key Lime tart.
I would have given the buffet 5 stars except our server was quite slow despite the fact he didn't appear to have that many tables.
Iced tea refills were slow and he was slow to clear plates.
I'll be back again to eat some of the things I didn't get to today like split crab legs, ahi poke, and some more of their excellent seafood dishes.
This was my first time to the Eureka and I'll be back to eat at Fat Choy but I won't be sitting and playing any of the machines.
The smoke in the casino is heavy and you just need to walk through it to get to Fat Choy.
It's a locals kind of joint and I wonder how it continues to operate.
There's not much to recommend this place except the convenient parking in the back.
Put up some doors and close off Fat Choy from the smoke--please!
I am a fan of this showroom in the Four Queens Hotel.
Even though it's a fairly large room, it does have a feeling of being cozy and intimate.
The staff at the box office and the theatre itself have always been very friendly.
There is a bar in the left front of the showroom as you face the stage and there's waitress service during the show.
This is a good venue in downtown.
I do a number of charity walks each year that are usually 5K runs and/or walks.
For this one, most people walked.
We got to Town Square early and there were no lines.
It also gave us a chance to check out some of the vendors or other groups that had booths.
The walk started almost exactly at 9 AM.
The crowd of several thousand made there way around Town Square and out to Sunset Road.
Crossing over the freeway on Sunset, we got a grand view of Las Vegas.
We went about 1/2 way to Valley View before turning around.
There were water stations along the way.
We were all in a fairly festive mood and the walk was a very pleasant event.
The Walking Yelp exceeded their fundraising goal.
Next year, I hope we double the number of Yelp participants and have a larger team.
The AFAN Walk is a charity that's good to support and good in which rto participate.
I'll be back next year!
I have to up my review of the LVH by one star because they have moved the statue of Elvis back into the entrance of the hotel/casino near where it used to be for years before they moved it outside.
I always enjoy watching tourists and now it's a bit easier with the statue in casino entrance.
I hope the move was not for the month of August when there's a lot of Elvis interest because of his death in August.
The statue deserves to be in the LVH where he performed so many times.
Elvis hasn't left the building!
If I could remove the A from the A-OK explanation for three stars, I would be happier with my rating.
The meal was OK but not an A-OK which to me implies something better.
We waited to be seated for about 15 minutes which was OK except for the fact that there were several empty tables.
They're just understaffed enough they can't clear all the tables to accommodate the arriving guests.
Our server, Leo, was a personable young man and answered questions we had.
He's the reason this isn't the two star rating I'd normally give for the food.
Le Burger Brasserie--good burgers and such.
No, not really.
They're burgers made from frozen patties.
They are so uniform in diameter and thickness they have to be packaged ahead of time.
I asked for mine rare but it was more toward medium rare.
My wife asked for hers medium and hers was cooked the same as mine.
The burgers were not at all juicy.
They look pretty, so to speak, because they come in their paper-lined metal basket with the side of lettuce and tomato.
I got a bleu burger and my wife got the Le Paris, a burger with brie cheese, caramelized onion, bacon.
My burger had bleu cheese and bacon with a half avocado on the side.
You also get to choose from among 4 or 5 options for the kind of bun you want for the burger.
When I leave a burger place and the things that stick in my head about the meal are the avocado and the bleu cheese, then it wasn't a great burger experience.
For dessert, we shared the beignets, 5 small rounds filled with mascarpone and served with chocolate dipping sauce and whipped cream.
They were OK, but nothing I'll remember.
Spending an hour and a half having a burger is also too long.
It turned out to be alright because I was watching the college football game on their big screen.
We got out in just enough time to walk to the Jubilee!
Theatre for our show and we had some time to spare.
I'd recommend going anywhere else for a burger.
I know these are Strip prices but give me something a little more worthy of the price you're charging.
When I first moved to Las Vegas 11+ years ago, this was a place I came to often to walk.
Then the first summer hit, and I joined a gym so I could exercise and walk indoors where it was air conditioned.
Now, I use this park mainly to ride my bike.
It stretches about 1.25 miles from behind Costco just west of Pavilion Center Drive to its end at Hualapai Way.
Parking is only available in one area--on Cotton Bluff Circle just north of Park Run Drive west of Town Center.
There are three areas of green--one at the beginning by Pavilion Center, one at Town Center, and one at the end by Hualapai.
The Town Center and Hualapai areas have tables where you can sit, have a snack or picnic, and enjoy yourself.
A lot of people use the park for walking their dogs, and as Peter S. said, there will be dogs chasing rabbits in the park.
Since it was so cold and cloudy this morning, there were very few people in the park and I saw 8 rabbits as I rode this mile plus.
That's more than normal.
This is one of my favorite places.
Summerlin was very smart to put a sidewalk and green areas in this arroyo and create a super park!
I had a Groupon for Anise and came a few days before it was to expire and used it.
I'm glad that I did go.
It was a very pleasant dinner.
I was brought an iced tea as I was reading the menu.
Being a lone diner in a tapas place can be problematic but my server was good at letting me know if I'd be overdoing anything with my order.
I ordered the Drunken avocado Empanadillas for a starter and shawarma for the main course.
There were two sides and from the list the server said, I chose the grilled vegetables and Spanish rice.
For dessert, I got their key lime dessert--key lime served in a champagne glass with pastry crumbs in the bottom of the glass.
I enjoyed the lea very much.
The drunken avocado is such a simple yet creative idea.
There could be a bit more jalapeño sauce but I enjoyed the soft avocado against the crispy wrapping.
An avocado spring roll as it were.
The shawarma was very nicely seasoned and tasty.
The sides were good.
The Spanish rice was OK--rice isn't one of my go to sides--but the grilled vegetables were excellent.
A mixture of sliced yellow and green squash, some onions, and some red and yellow peppers.
I didn't realize until I got home that even though I was told it was one of the sides from which I had a choice of two, there was a $2 surcharge on the bill for the vegetables.
There is a chalkboard near the podium when you walk in that has desserts listed.
There were only two and the server went to make sure of what they had.
I got the key lime dessert and it was quite good.
I enjoyed my meal and the service.
My iced tea was always full.
Service was excellent!
This was something completely new for me and a good find thanks to Groupon.
It's a bit pricey without the Groupon.
Four of us came here before the closing of Slo-Boy to have a three course dinner.
Because of our number and the warming temperatures, one of our group arranged the meal for us and we ate in Dino's--the dive bar getting Las Vegas drunk since 1962.
Our courses were brought in shopping bags and we provided our own steak knives, paper plates, and napkins.
It was like having an indoor gourmet picnic.
First course:  Highway 46, Hen Gone Wild, and Coq Au sandwich

Second course:  John S Park, charred cauliflower steak, PB&L, and Cigar City

Course three:  Tri-tip, Bucky Duck, baby steak fries, and Lamb for Logan

Dessert course:  Whiskey bread pudding

There was a lot of good things here coming out of the small Goodwich TBD incubator along Las Vegas Boulevard.
Highway 46, avocado toast with pea tendrils was quite good as was the salad with fried chicken.
The Cuban sandwich in course two and the charred cauliflower were my favorites.
In course three, I liked the steak fries and the duck.
Ending the meal, the whiskey bread pudding was very enjoyable.
Sitting in Dino's was an interesting place to eat.
I do like eating outside but when you're sitting on the sidewalk with assorted characters walking by, it's not my favorite outdoor dining.
Dino's makes it interesting with its loud music--none of it from my generation--and interesting patrons.
I wish I had tried Slo-Boy sooner.
I would have had the chance to go back and have one of my favorites again if just the bread pudding.
Good meal, good company!
I stopped here after a long day of walking, eating and more eating, and I wanted to make sure I had lots of caffeine in my system so I didn't doze off during a play I was going to that night.
Since I always sit in the front row when it's general admission, it's bad form to start snoring right in front of the actors.
This Starbucks in Albertsons was relatively handy to another stop I had to make.
A person was leaving with their coffee as I approached the register and the barista waited on me quickly.
I was soon on my way with an iced quad espresso--what I would call alertness insurance!
The coffee was very good, just what I expect from Starbuck's espresso.
This is not an outlet I'd go to often, but in a pinch, I'll stop in again when I'm in the neighborhood and need a fix!
I wanted to try this lunch buffet since reading some friends' reviews and I went today.
It's taken the #1 spot in the Indian lunch buffet spot with one restaurant yet to go.
I was there early, about 11;15, and I was the first person in the restaurant.
There soon were several other customers.
It's a very large room with lots of tables laid out well and the buffet is a large area opposite the entrance.
With a check in on Yelp, you get either a mango lassi or a soda free.
It's a good deal for merely checking in.
I ordered garlic naan and then headed to the buffet.
The naan was good but I wish it had more of a garlic flavor.
For the first plate, I had chicken Biryani, a couple vegetable pakoras, a vegetable samosa, a piece of tandoori chicken, some chili chicken, soya badi, and some saag paneer.
Everything I had was very good and I noticed that almost all dishes had a spiciness that I liked.
Of these, the weakest dishes was the saag paneer.
The crust of the samosa was flaky and the filling was very good.
The soya badi was quite good.
For my second plate, I had squash, Navratan korma, chicken curry, and chana masala.
All of these were very good save the squash which was a little nondescript.
I also tried some of their raita which was good.
The chicken curry didn't have very much of a curry flavor but when the juices from the chana masala mixed with the curry juice, it became much better.
Finally, I went back and got one idli and put a small amount of tamarind chutney on it.
It had a soft texture and was good.
I was a but disappointed that they had no dhokla.
I had read Christopher S.' review and I was interested in trying something different.
Overall, this is a very solid buffet and moves to the top tier of Indian restaurants.
The price is now $10.99 but that's still very good considering the wide choice you have with their large buffet.
Service was very good!
Several times, someone stopped by to see how things were.
A woman stopped once and asked me if it was too spicy so they know that they spice their foods.
Plates were cleared before I came back each time.
This is another stop for after hiking when we go to an Indian buffet.
It's a great addition to the Indoian dining in Las Vegas.
I was seeing a show at the Golden Nugget and I decided to try Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse for dinner.
I was taken upstairs and given the first table at the top of the stairs.
It gave me a good view down the steps of the people walking by the restaurant.
That area of the upstairs is somewhat narrow and I had my back to the room so I couldn't see more of it.
Very quickly, I was brought water and my order for iced tea was taken.
My server, Victor, came by and told me about the specials for the evening with prices--a nice touch that some restaurants don't do.
You have to ask them about the pricing.
I ordered lobster bisque for a starter, their 12 ounce filet, an order of sea salt fries (I was advised that this was small and manageable for one person, and then chocolate mousse for dessert.
I was brought warm bread and a plate with piper butter.
Nice presentation.
The lobster bisque  was finished with cognac and it had a fair amount of the cognac flavor in it.
I ordered my steak blue--Victor asked if I wanted it seared 1/3 inch on all sides and I said yes.
The steak was about 2 inches thick and the searing was just perfect for not cooking it too much.
The interior was very rare, exactly the way I like my steak.
The fries were good with a large amount of salt on them.
If you're watching your sodium intake, get something else.
When it came time for dessert, I asked for suggestions.
Victor recommended either the crème brûlée or the chocolate mousse cake.
For the most part, I find crème brûlée to be almost the same from one place to another so I opted for the chocolate mousse cake.
That was the correct choice.
It was creamy, chocolaty, and simply a great way to end the meal.
Service throughout was great!
My iced tea was replaced several times with no need to ask.
The only detriment was the group of five very loud men at the next table.
Because of the narrowness of the restaurant here, I heard the whole conversation including talk of Leonardo DiCaprio and other personalities from an insurance guy.
Go figure.
All this while using four letter words quite liberally.
This was something the restaurant can't control, but it was a drawback from the overall enjoyment of the meal.
Finally, you're paying close to Strip prices for a downtown steakhouse.
It is worth it because the filet was very, very good.
This is the second location for Pinches in Las Vegas and is completely different from the one in the downtown Container Park.
It's at the Gramercy just off the 215 at Russell Road.
When you enter, you place your order at a "food truck" window.
You're given your drink there unless you're getting soda from one of the many flavors Coke machines.
You're given a table marker and you have a seat while they make your order and then bring it to your table.
There was no one there at 5 PM on this Saturday night and I was able to take in the decor and get some photos of the interior.
It was designed nicely with whimsical wall paintings, faux garbage cans that have paper flowers in the top, and a kitchen in glass with wooden closures like a Mexican food place.
One of the owners took my order and he chatted with me about the decor and explained the Dia de los Muertos style art done of member of the Anaya family.
My meal came--a combo plate with chicken mole taco, adobada taco, and carnitas taco.
I also ordered a Mexican corn.
I asked if they'd hold off on bringing the corn until I could enjoy my tacos.
When I was done with the tacos, I was asked if I was ready for my corn and it was brought to me warm.
This was so much better than getting everything at once and having the corn cool off while eating the rest.
I also got a horchata.
The tacos were good with the chicken mole being my favorite.
I thought the other two were OK.
The rice was standard and the chips and refried beans were OK, too.
The corn would have been better if it had more chili powder but I'm sure they use what the average customer would like rather than what I prefer.
Service was great and the friendliness of the staff was exceptional!
If I were rating the place solely on atmosphere, it would be 5 stars all the way.
The interior design was well planned and it's a very inviting place.
I need to come back and try some other tacos and ask for more chili on my corn.
It's easy getting here from where I live.
For those uncertain, exit the 215 at Russell Road and head west.
Halfway from the 215 to Fort Apache, there's a left turn into the Gramercy complex.
Drive a semi-circular path around the back of the building along Russell.
Just keep going past the coffee house.
Shortly after an open space, there's another building and Pinches is in the corner of that building.
You can see the 215 and the signs from the parking area.
On leaving keep going around the semi-circle and you'll be back to Russell very quickly.
I have been to Rosallie a number of times and it's such a fine place to go for a coffee and pastry or something more substantial such a a sandwich with a small salad.
Today, I had quiche Lorraine and a large latte.
The late lunch/early dinner was just perfect.
The quiche was perfect, the latte tasty, and service was excellent.
I got a piece of walnut pie to bring home for later but later came sooner than I had planned.
It was very good.
I'll be back many times.
I have usually gone to Regal Village Square, but today I wanted to see True Grit and it was not playing at Village Square.
I'm now hooked on Red Rock Stadium 16.
The colors are so much more vivid and the sound quality is stunning!
The seats are quite comfortable with their small rocking ability.
The staff was quite friendly--very welcoming and helpful.
The place still has that new appearance even though it's more than 5 years old.
It's great being able to go to a movie when it's not summertime and during the day when there are no little kiddies around, for the most part.
The 7 of us here today really enjoyed ourselves!
I'll be back.
I've been to the Hollywood Theatre several times for different shows.
Last night I was here to the Mike Tyson:  Undisputed Truth.
I like this venue a lot.
It's small enough that almost any seat is a good one.
It's also located not too far from the main entrance and valet parking.
Seating alternated between rows of small round tables with four chairs and long tables facing the stage that accommodates four people.
I was in the second row, the first of the long tables and it was a great place to sit.
My only complaint is the huge markup if you buy a drink--even a bottle of water.
It's best to bring in a bottle of water from the casino in your pocket and drink that.
I'll be back for another show, I'm sure!
These guys are really talented.
Five men singing a cappella and filling in the voice parts with one or two of the men providing "instrumental" accompaniment.
I was sure in the first couple of songs that they had to have a live or recorded percussion accompaniment, but I was proven wrong.
The Shimmer Showroom in the LVH is a small theatre and it lends itself very well to this kind of show.
No one is more than 25 feet or so from the stage.
That's how I found out I was wrong about the percussion track.
One of my favorite parts of the show was when four of the five came to the front and did their own solo "instruimental" -- one playing electric guitar, one bass, one harmonica, and one doing trombone.
They were quite talented and this really showcased their talent.
I had seen the group when they opened for George Wallace and when they did a number or two at the Ribbon of Life two times.
Seeing their entire show, which lasts just over one hour, gave me a chance to see their talent in full.
I highly recommend this show.
The price is right, the room is great, and they are terrific!
This review is for the new Nevada State Museum, not the one at Lorenzi Park but the new building at the Springs Preserve.
There was a members only preview today, and the new museum is grand!
There are two main exhibit halls, one housing the permanent displays and one with rotating exhibits.
There is so much more room for the things the museum owns that can now displayed that wouldn't fit in the old building.
There are many audio and video things to look at, there is information about Nevada mining, and you can find out who Emma Nevada was.
In the rotating exhibit area, there was an HD photo display by Cameron Grant called "Unexpected Nevada."
His photos are stunning and it's worth visiting just to see this.
There is a room for visiting school kids, there's a research room, a new gift shop, and a room for presentations with a wonderful patio outside that has a terrific view of the resort corridor.
You can also look down into the animal habitat of the Springs Preserve.
The new museum opens to the public on October 28th.
It's at the far end of the Springs Preserve parking lot.
Go and visit--you won't be disappointed!
This has been on my radar for a few weeks and we went here for dinner tonight.
Walking into the restaurant is a treat.
It is so well decorated with New Mexican, Southwestern and chile items that it's very pleasant.
We were soon greeted by Amy who showed us to our table and was our server.
After looking over the menu, we ordered a burrito for my wife with refried beans and Spanish rice and I got a chimichanga filled with carne adovada.
My two sides were pinto beans and calabacitas.
I ordered red sauce--regular spice level--for my wife and I got the triple hot green sauce for my chimichanga.
We were brought a basket of chips and some salsa that had a good kick to it.
Even my gringa wife is starting to like spicier foods.
Win!
Our dinners came and they were very good.
Andrea thought her red sauce was spicy but she liked it.
My triple hot green sauce was great and it added great flavor to the adovada.
The only minor drawback was we were brought no sopapillas despite the menu saying that all meals are served with sopapillas and two sides.
As it turned out, we were full enough without having the extra amount of food from the sopapillas.
For dessert, we got an order of fried ice cream with chocolate drizzle.
Very good and large enough for sharing.
Prices are very reasonable and for some reason we had a $4.35 credit applied to our bill listed as a coupon.
We didn't have a coupon.
Our server, Amy, was a verry pleasant person.
She made you feel welcome.
I wish the menu offered a bit more choices but I will be back to try the stacked enchiladas.
We went last night to see Ain't Misbehavin'.
The show was very well performed by a cast of 5.
The band and piano player were superb also.
I'm looking forward to seeing Damn Yankees next month.
It was a pleasant moonlit evening.
This is what makes Super Summer Theatre special.
I always enjoy their productions.
After reading Nelson's review, I had to try this place.
It is hiding in plain sight.
I can't believe the number of times I've passed on the freeway and saw that large open shopping plaza, much of it empty, and little did I know there was a gem of a restaurant right in my line of sight.
I stopped here after a "Showgirls of Las Vegas" program at the Nevada State Museum.
I was the only customer at 5:10 and remained the only customer for the hour I was there.
It's a shame.
They should have more business.
I got the chips and salsa and I asked for the hot salsa.
That salsa with habanero peppers is quite good.
The mild salsa is fine, too, and I liked the small bits of avocado in the mild salsa.
The woman brought me a bowl of complimentary soup.
It was not the vegetable soup shown in other photos for Chicken Itza but rather a noodle soup--fideo soup.
It was very good and very hot!!
Let it cool for awhile so you don't burn your lips, tongue, throat, and anything else to which this may come in contact!
For dinner, I ordered the panuchos.
Since there are three to an order, I got one, chicken, one turkey, and one pork (cochinita pibil).
All three were excellent!
The split tortilla filled with refried black beans with the tasty meat and toppings were super!!
The meats were very juicy and this was a more than one napkin experience.
The meat could have been a bit hotter, but it didn't detract from the flavors.
For dessert, I had arroz con leche which was not complimentary.
It is really, really, good!
It had a nice amount of cinnamon, raisins, and bananas and there seemed to be some pieces of crust as if the rice and milk were baked in a pie crust of some kind.
The horchata was very good.
I'm coming back to try their other Mayan (Yucatan) specialties!
It is so wonderful to live in such a diverse city with all these different foods from which to choose.
I've been to this Starbuck's several times but didn't realize no one had ever entered it on Yelp.
The staff here has always been pleasant and competent.
There's a lot of room for working inside and the patio has some tables for sitting out when the temperatures permit.
The free wifi is always welcome!
When I'm in the area, this is where I stop.
What says ice skating more than palm trees and sunny, warm skies?
I went to the ice rink today and skated for the first time in about 40 years.
What a great time I had!
I went for their Coffee Club skating which is held Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at a cost of $7 which includes skate rental.
The Zamboni had just resurfaced the ice from the morning session, and it was as smooth as can be!
Wow, I never skated on ice this smooth.
Pond ice was all I ever skated on before.
There are two rinks in the building, a north and south rink.
The Coffee Club skating is on the South rink.
There were only 10-12 people skating while I was there, so it was quite pleasant.
In addition, school went back into session today, so the open skating during the mid-morning and early afternoon will be adult friendly.
I was doing the local playing tourist thing yesterday, and I decided to try Bachi HLK for a different breakfast.
I ordered coffee which was brought quickly and was refilled without asking for more.
I think I knew from when I walked in the door that I'd have the brioche French toast and that's what I got.
A very flavorful stack of four brioche rounds, wonderfully soft and flavored nicely with almond.
On top of the stack were some banana slices and the plate had some small pieces of chopped kiwi and mango.
The plating was very nicely done.
I had a choice of three syrups and I went with the coconut syrup.
You also have the choice of getting whipped cream which I opted for.
Along the the whipped cream and the syrup comes a small container of almond butter which is very rich and very tasty!
Service was excellent.
Well, you'd expect it to be!
I was the only person in the place who wasn't an employee.
I really like the decor.
Modern with lots of wood.
On the wall near where I sat was a TV with the Cooking Channel playing and while I waited I watched Nigella's show and her making Jamaican jerk chicken.
It passed the short wait very pleasantly.
I plan to go back soon and try their fois gras de canard.
A good choice for breakfast with quality ingredients.
I stopped in as I was coming home from the Strip and bought the Coke on sale.
10 items or less checkout had no line.
This is not my normal store, but it was convenient and fit the job.
Rhyolite is a great day trip from Las Vegas for sure.
It's a very intact ghost town.
It's hard to believe how many of these towns grew up when there was mining activity, and then most of them died just as quickly.
Take US 95 toward Reno from downtown Las Vegas.
In Beatty, turn left heading toward Death Valley.
Rhyolite is only 4 miles from Beatty, Nevada.
*** Review is for Restaurant Week August 2014 Menu ***

I decided to come here after putting it off for no reason at all for so long.
Maybe because it's close to where I live, I always think I can go anytime and never do.
As it turned out, we had too much food but that's always a good thing if the food is good.
I ordered the hamachi sashimi for the first course and my wife ordered the flatbread.
My sashimi was good, flavored with a garlic ponzu sauce and Serrano chili rounds.
My wife's flatbread consisted of a mushroom, spinach, and parmesan topping.
It was quite large and could have been split for two very easily.
For the main course, I went with the grilled miso salmon and jasmine rice, bok choy, edamame, and red pepper.
The salmon was grilled perfectly and was sitting on a mound of rice with the vegetables.
My wife got the wild mushroom risotto with parmesan.
It was very good, too, and there was so much, we got a to go box for dinner later this week.
For dessert, she had the vanilla crème brûlée and I got the warm bread pudding.
My bread pudding was very good.
It was a strawberry-rhubarb bread pudding and came with some vanilla ice cream.
I wasn't allowed to taste the crème brûlée as someone was hogging it all to herself.
She said it was good!
Service was very good with our server bringing someone with her to learn how things work at Embers.
Very nice Restaurant Week choice.
I am so happy to have MTO Café open in Downtown Summerlin.
It's a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
I stopped for lunch yesterday after some shopping and I'm glad to report it's as good as I had expected.
I was greeted by the staff at the counter in a very friendly manner.
I was studying the large menu board above and two of the staff pointed to some smaller paper menus at the register.
I brought one of those home with me.
I selected the "Philly" their take on the classic sandwich.
You're given a number to put on your table.
The menu describes it this way.
"Skirt steak, Velveeta, red wine drunken onions."
The sandwich comes with fries.
I ordered a Coke and I was given a cup for use at their Coca-Cola Freestyle machine.
Silverware (real metal--not plastic) is available at the end of the counter by the registers and there are napkins, straws, and drink container opts there, too.
I selected a table by the east windows that overlooks the Dining Arroyo.
There's a patio there with heaters and some people were sitting out enjoying their lunches.
In a short time, my lunch was brought.
The Philly is on a hamburger style bun instead of the traditional sub-like roll and there was a good amount of fries with the Philly.
The small cubes of steak with the cheese and onions were excellent!
The fries were hot and very good.
After finishing while I was just answering some emails, a staff member came by and asked if she could remove the plate.
That gave me some work room on the table.
There is free wi-fi.
I can't wait to go back and try some more things on the menu.
Welcome to the neighborhaood, MTO!
I had a coupon for a free scoop from Thrifty and stropped in to redeem it.
I got a scoop of chocolate chip cookie dough.
I was the only person in the place so service was very good.
I think the ice cream is OK but I wouldn't drive here just to get that.
I think there are store brands that are just as good.
Thrifty is OK.
Wow!
What a great meal!
The waiter comes to your table with a bread basket with several doughnut hole shaped buns.
They are Brazilian cheese buns dusted with parmesan cheese.
There were excellent!
I started with the salad bar and took items sparingly.
I tried the cold, sliced portabello muchrooms, one tomato caprese, asparagus risotto, two small artichoke heart halves, and two large shrimps and a piece of fish from their hot seafood mixture.
This was the extent of my salad bar foray as I didn't want to fill up on salad.
It would be a great dinner in itself.
I turned the coaster to the green side meaning bring on the meat.
Before they started that, a waiter brought three dishes to the table - one with 3 fried plantains, another with mashed potatoes, and a third with green beans with garlic.
These were my vegetables to go with my meat.
A lot of food to accompany a lot of food.
I didn't try all the meats as I was filling up before they had a chance to bring everything to my table.
I liked the small sausage, the first meat I tasted and it was excellent.
Beautiful seasoning.
Then I had two thin slices of rare prime rib which was excellent also.
I had both the chicken breast wrapped in bacon and the tenderloin wrapped in bacon.
Both were very good.
The seasonings were perfect.
I am a salt user extraordinaire, but I salted nothing except the mashed potatoes and green beans.
I had the garlic picanha (top sirloin) and it was superb!!
I also had one slice of beef rib which is sliced from a rack of rib (large--not baby back) and served on a separate small plate.
Since there were only two tables occupied in the restaurant, there weren't several guys walking around distributing meat like rodizio restaurants.
Two guys were tasked with the serving.
I didn't get the pork loin and I forgot Tony's mentioning of chicken hearts--damn, damn, damn.
Well, something to look forward to next time.
After all this, I did hold back so I could try some dessert.
I had a slice of peanut butter, chocolate chip cheesecake.
Oh yeah--great!
Service was impecable.
My iced tea was refilled often, staff was always around to answer questions or see if you needed something.
I was greeted at the door by a delightful young lady and she also bid me a kind, smiling farewell!
The place is very nicely done.
I love the wine rack that goes almost to the ceiling.
I could see the super ladder inside to extend and reach the highest shelves.
This is a great deal with a Groupon.
The Groupon was $21.
The regular price for the rodizio is $42.95.
I'm not sure I'd be back for the full price, but the Groupon certainly makes it a great deal.
Come on Groupon--let's get anohter Via Brasil.
And you know, I'll probably go back and pay the full price if one of my friends from out of town who loves rodizio comes to Las Vegas.
We'll go together!
I have been going to Insurgo productions for a couple of years, and I was excited to see them get their own theatre in Sahara Commercial Center.
Since its opening several months ago, improvements have been made, and the theatre has gotten better.
Last night, I attended Rossum's Universal Robots by Karel Capek.
This is very well done by a terrific cast.
It will be playing until July 10th, so you only have a short time if you want to see the show, too!
Check out their website.
There is something playing there almost every weekend.
The Lost Creek--Children's Discovery Trail is a short hike at Red Rock Canyon that gives you a microcosm of Red Rock.
From seeing the creek from the boardwalk--actually a spring that's mostly underground except for one small section which is above ground--to viewing cacti of various kinds, seeing sandstone but also seeing the limestone of the waterfall area, this trail has a little of everything.
Like any trail at Red Rock, the walk is not flat.
There are steps to walk up, large stones and small boulders to step over, and some ducking so as not to whack your head qwhen you go to the grotto where the seasonal waterfall is located.
Take your time on the trail to see all there is.
Stop at the area that has the corral style fencing and find the Indian pictograph on the rocks.
Enjoy the pine trees and the wild grapevines.
This trail does have it all.
It is good for kids, too!
I hiked this trail at red Rock Canyon today.
It's a 2.5 mile round trip hike with some boulder scrambling.
From the parking lot, hike into the wash, cross the wash, and then walk up the stone steps.
Follow the trail along Ice Box Canyon until you reach a down section into the wash below.
This part of the hike is just about a mile in length.
After dropping down into the wash,  turn right and follow the wash as it winds through the canyon.
This will entail some rock and boulder scrambling.
If any of the boulders are too big to climb up, the trail will have a walk around to the left or right of the wash.
Sometimes you have to back track and go the other way, but this is the fun of hiking in a bouldering area.
From the entry into the wash, it's about 1/4 mile of rock scrambling to the end of the trail.
You'll know you're almost there when you see a tall, dead ponderosa pine leaning to the left.
The waterfall - usually dry as it was today - is just past this dead ponderosa.
When you get to the base of the waterfall, this is a good place to have a snack and chat for awhile before hiking back to your car.
Directions to trailhead:  Go west on Charleston Boulevard until you get to the Red Rock Canyon entrance.
From the fee booth (entrance fee $7), take the Scenic Drive just past mile marker 8.
The Ice Box Canyon Trailhead is on your right and is well marked.
I have posted some photos with this review.
Enjoy!
I'm not a member here, but I took my neighbor shopping here.
It appears to be a nice enough discount warehouse store.
The only thing that really got me was that they had to take all four bags of 40 pound water softener salt out of our cart and move it to another.
It seems such a stupid waste of effort.
I was at Town Square and I decided to get some things at this Whole Foods.
It may be my imagination, but the store seemed larger and better stocked than the one I normally go to on West Charleston.
Their meat section was very good.
On the other hand, I thought the cheese area had less of a choice than what I'm used to.
I did get some steaks and some vegetables.
Checkout was quick.
The 10 items or less line was non-existent and I was out of the store quickly.
I'm not sure if I'll be back.
Shopping 10 miles from home when it's not necessary isn't what I do.
We went here last night, something we do about twice a year.
I've generally been pleased with the food I get and that stayed the same last night.
I started with a cup of the broccoli and cheese soup.
It was very thick and very tasty.
For the main course, I had their new Sizzling Cajun Steak and Shrimp.
It was a 7 ounce steak topped with blackened shrimp and Cajun gumbo.
The rub on the steak gave it some zing and the gumbo had some spiciness too.
The shrimp were not blackened, but they were good.
As for the gumbo, it was very tasty but I would have liked to have more than one piece of okra.
Service was very good.
Arnold, our server, was quick and coming to the table to take our order, and he was on top of iced tea refills.
My only complaint was when the music was turned on, it was terribly loud, making a conversation impossible.
I had to almost yell to be heard just across the table.
I decided to try this spot based on the reviews of some of my Yelp friends.
I started off with some warm, salted edamame.
That's warm and salted.
Very tasty.
Then I had the spicy kabocha coconut soup with pumpkin seeds.
A most flavorful soup and I'll be back if only for the soup!!!
I followed this up with the vegetable tempura plate - a melange of broccoli, pumpkin, avocado, asparagus, zucchini, onion, and shiitake mushroom.
The vegetables were ever so lightly coated and the dipping liquid was superb!
How could I leave without trying a roll?
I couldn't so I ordered the kholester roll, which according to the menu is kimchee and cream cheese stuffed jalapeno tempura.
It was also very good.
Dessert you ask?
How could I?
I went to have a light meal and ended up eating like a sumo.
But it was so worth it!
Thanks, Misti!
Note:  the edamame is not complimentary as it is at most Japanese places.
Yesterday, I was in need of a quick dinner.
The answer was to try one of the new Firehouse Subs that have been opened recently.
I looked at the menu online so I had some idea of what I would order.
I got a small tuna and a small engineer.
I saw the magic Coke machine but since I was taking the subs home, I didn't try it out.
Also, I had Holly C.'s admonition about the flavored syrups, so that factored into my decision.
My wife and I both enjoyed our subs.
They were very tasty and the price is good.
I'll be returning and try something else, and yes, I will hit up that Coke machine.
No one was using it when I was there yesterday.
I generally go to this Big 5 store to get my hiking boots.
I have also purchased some hiking related items here and I have always been pleased with the price.
The staff is helpful.
The kind of boots I get are always being changed by the manufacturer - Hi-Tec - so I am sometimes on the go between stores to stock up on the models I like before they're gone from Big 5.
I like Big 5.
I really like the Springs Preserve.
This review would have been 5 stars if the Preserve still had the "Untold Stories" series on the first Thursday of the month.
These programs about the history of Las Vegas were wonderful, but the Preserve decided to re-evaluate their educational offerings.
I love the Origen Building with its movie "Miracle in the Mojave" about water and the lack thereof in the Las Vegas Valley.
It's a brief film, narrated by Martin Sheen, and it quite nicely relates how the area came to be what it is geologically.
The flash flood in the Origen is also fun to see.
When it's not too hot, I like to go in the back and see the animals in the fenced area or in the display domes.
I need to go back and hike the trails again to see what has changed from when they opened.
I've come here several times to see shows or lectures in the theatre section of the library.
The seating is comfortable and all seats have good views of the stage.
I was here tonight for the Yelp cosponsored The Law vs the Mob series each Tuesday in January.
The lecture was excellent!
This is a tough review to write.
On the one hand, it's necessary to see Dr. Mukhopadhyay as needed for digestive ailments or in my case, colon screening because I'm of the age when that's a diagnostic test which can detect cancer of the colon early.
On the other hand, having the procedure done isn't a lot of fun.
Well, at least the getting ready part the night before isn't much fun.
As for the test itself, once the cleanse is finished and you're at the Summerlin Hospital Endoscopy Center, the nap is quite refreshing and you remember nothing!
My follow up visit with the doctor--note how I avoid typing his name twice--was good news and I don't have to see him for another 5 years!
I would recommend Dr. Mukhopadhyay to anyone who needs to see a digestive specialist.
He's a very personable man.
Two of us came here to try this Italian restaurant.
We were seated where we could watch the people walking by to/from destinations in the MGM restaurant row area.
We then began a marvelous culinary evening of Chef Pinisetti's dishes.
We tried the following items:

Caprese with fresh bufala mozzarella
Grilled Mediterranean octopus
Beef carpaccio
Prosciutto with fig marmalade and bleu cheese mousse with flatbread and arugula
Raviolini--short rib filled small ravioli with vegetable confetti and black truffle cream
Morel and summer truffle carbonara with poached egg 
Maine lobster gnocchi with wild mushrooms and black truffle sauce
Branzino with rainbow chard
Kurobuta pork shank with polenta and vegetable confetti
Cioppino with calamari, Manila clams, scallops, prawns, mussels and half lobster with housemade spaghetti
Braised short rib with orange gremolata, Yukon gold potato purée, Cipollini onions, and baby carrots
Limoncello espuma
Vanilla buttermilk panna cotta with spring berry compote
Espresso "crème brûlée"--salted caramel and vanilla whipped cream, hazelnut streusel and caramel brittle
Amarena cherry Black Forest cake
Bombolini with Nutella sauce and cranberry jam

We started with a nice bread basked of epi and focaccia served with a tomato basil butter and unslated butter rounds.
Good epi and the tomato basil was rich in flavor and worthy of taking bread and wiping every last bit of it out of its holder.
The standouts for the appetizer course were the prosciutto with fig marmalade and bleu cheese mousse, and the beef carpaccio.
The caprese and octopus were also top notch.
Moving on to the pastas, all three were excellent.
The beef short rib raviolini was melt in your mouth good and the short rib gave the raviolini a wonderful flavor.
The lobster gnocchi were as soft as can possibly be made and the morel and summer truffle carbonara were exceptional dishes.
Moving on to the meat course, the pork shank and the braised short rib were the stars.
Meat coming right off the shank, tender and flavorful and the short rib was so full of flavors.
Even as leftovers two days later, the dishes shone!
Finally, the limoncello espuma was my pick of a favorite.
The other four were all good.
What a great way to end a stunning meal.
After walking by here so many times going to/from the MGM Grand Garden Arena, I'm glad I finally tried Fiamma.
It's one of the best Italian on the Strip!
This theatre has been around in the Rio for quite awhile.
For those who have been around, it was the home of the Scintas, Ronn Lucas, and other entertainers having once been known as the Scintas' Showroom.
I went last night to see the Platters, Coasters, and Marvelettes show in the theatre.
It's a different set up from most casino theatres.
There's a normal proscenium stage, but this has a runway coming from it that goes to a circular area that can be raised and lowered.
Twice during this show, this area was used to raise performers from below to stage level and then to bring 5 of them down at the end of the show.
The seating is basically a horseshoe shape coming out from the stage.
There are some small round tables that have 4 chairs, and there is some extra seating in plain chairs lined up in diagonal rows.
Lighting for the show was done very nicely.
There are 6 large screens on two sides of the theatre.
They were used to project images to enhance the show.
For example, some ocean scenes when singing Otis Reddings' "Siitin' on the Dock of the Bay."
Alder & Birch has replaced the Canal Street restaurant that I used to go to and liked a lot.
If you knew Canal Street, when you see A&B, you'll notice a big change.
Alder & Birch is bright and modern when compared with the darker, river themed wall of Canal Street.
I decided to give Alder & Birch a try.
I made a reservation and got there just about one minute before.
I was taken to a table that could seat three people with two of the seats being booth seating.
I sat in the chair.
I was given the menu and my server soon appeared.
Her name was Brandy and she was excellent!!
I ordered the tomato bisque soup, the signature, 14 ounce A&B porterhouse (ordered blue), fries for the side, and later strawberry shortcake for dessert.
I was quickly brought my iced tea and some bread.
They had a nice selection of sliced bread, some lavash, and a focaccia square.
Along with the bread was a round dish with soft butter and another dish with large salt crystals for those, like me, who like salted butter.
The focaccia was hands down the best of the bread service.
The tomato bisque soup was very good and served extremely hot which was good!
I took my time with the soup and enjoyed the focaccia.
Next came the porterhouse along with the blue cheese topping I ordered with an up-charge of $4.
The fries were placed on the table and it was explained that the ketchup was jalapeño flavored and if I wanted regular ketchup I just needed to ask.
Not being a ketchup fan, I tried two fries with it and I was unimpressed.
I didn't taste the jalapeño zing I expected and it was just ketchup.
I enjoyed the rest of the fries without dipping.
The steak was done the way I like and the Maytag blue cheese topping was very good.
There was one large pearl onion grilled and served with the steak.
The meat near the bone came right off.
If it wouldn't have been messy, I would have gnawed the little bit left and cleaned the bone.
Brandy brought the dessert menu.
Some of the desserts were somewhat standard so I went for the strawberry shortcake.
Brandy explained that it wasn't cake at all but white chocolate bread.
It didn't matter--i wanted to try something different and it was.
Their strawberry shortcake consists of two slices of Bon white chocolate bread, grilled, and served with strawberries and vanilla bean ice cream.
There was a partial rose petal done in thin chocolate accompanying the dish.
I've had Bon Breads white chocolate at home and either they have changed or the grilling changes the bread but there was little chocolate flavor to the bread.
There was a good grill flavor but the dessert is essentially grilled toast with strawberries and ice cream.
Good but just OK.
Some things about Alder & Birch.
I like the modern decor but the lighting could have been turned down some.
It's bright in there and there was no rheostat to darken the dining area and give it a more intimate atmosphere.
It was modern wood, glass, and light.
I don't want it dark so I need my iPhone to read the menu but I'd rather not have it the way it was.
My server, Brandy, was excellent!
She was always there to replace my iced tea, answer questions, or see if I needed anything.
The people working with her was just as good.
The dinner was good and A-OK as Yelp says for three stars.
I don't think it wowed me enough to bring me back especially the lighting.
I've seen Clint Holmes in concert several times during the years I've lived here and I heard his commercials when he was playing at the Golden Nugget having been hired by Steve Wynn.
In the ensuing years, Holmes' talent has grown and he has been a solid contributor to our community.
Whenever there's a special fund raising need, he'll always be one of the entertainers onstage helping raise funds and that's where is saw him the first time on November 11, 2001.
A few years later, he's at the Palazzo Theatre doing his new show called "Between the Lines."
It's quite a mix with a little bit of his older stuff but the rest mostly new material.
He has boundless energy and his voice has grown better over the years.
Attendance was so so the night I was there so I'm wondering if this new residency will last.
It was a weeknight show, definitely the gray hair crowd, so maybe other nights are better.
I recommend this show and I hope it keeps on going.
We stopped for dinner last night as it had been awhile since we had Indian food.
Since we got there right at 5 PM which is their opening time, the place was empty and we were seated immediately.
Water was brought quickly and we also ordered regular iced tea.
The server came back and said they were out of regular iced tea and they only had the sweetened raspberry tea.
We got that instead.
For an appetizer, we ordered the medhu wada, two deep fried doughnuts made from ground lentils, rice, and black pepper.
With it was served three chutneys or sauces that added some to the dryness of the wada.
The sauces were a tomato based one, a soup, and a coconut based one.
The wadas were very flavorful and after chewing, you got the flavor of the black pepper.
When our server went to clear the dishes, she asked if we wanted to keep any of the chutneys.
I kept the soup and ate it.
It was great!
For dinner, my wife ordered the garlic chicken and I ordered Madras curry chicken, spice level 7 on a 1 to 10 basis.
We also ordered some garlic naan.
Dinner came with basmati rice.
We both liked our meals, and we had garlic chicken to bring home for another meal for one of us.
The garlic naan was good.
For dessert, we shared a dish of kheer.
A couple of things keep me from ranking the place higher.
On one of the hottest days this summer, the restaurant was very warm.
I don't like freezing in a place either and I always take a denim long sleeve shirt with me.
I sure didn't need it as I was perspiring and it wasn't from the curry.
Speaking of that, 7 is not high enough for a good spice level.
Their 7 was rather tame and the curry seemed to be lacking some of the rich flavor it should have.
Perhaps I'm spoiled by Thai curry.
I think I need to stay away from indian curry.
The kheer had no pistachio chunks on it which somewhat makes the dish interesting.
I saw the photo that Westie W. posted and I thought that it was really enticing.
The no regular iced tea threw me.
I was going to ask them if I could have some hot water and a tea bag and a glass of ice.
I could have made my own.
Out of iced tea is so lame.
We bought a Yelp deal which is in essence a $5 off deal.
This place is OK, but I won't be returning.
There are good good, fully supplied Indian restaurants in town.
Three of us, a biker, a runner, and a hiker, met for dinner last night (5/17/14).
The runner had made arrangements with the house for a tasting menu for the three of us with specific dishes included in the tasting.
More on that later.
The evening started with our dual appetizers of Torchon foie gras and Paté de Campagne Bourguignon.
The paté and foie gras were excellent with some frisée served with them.
We each got two slices of bread on which to spread the paté.
Following this, we were brought escargots spätzle with chicken oyster, garlic, parsley coulis, and hazelnut.
The spätzle was soft and very tasty and the nut pieces for texture were a perfect addition.
Next came a course of sea scallops on a bed of corn.
The scallops were cooked on point and this, too, was a very tasty dish.
The the Tunisian lamb chop with some merguez sausage with cousocus, lemon braised spinach, red pepper tagine, and some chickpeas.
The chop was excellent, perfectly rare, and the spinach was very good.
The sausage had a small bit of spiciness to it.
Another winning dish.
For the last main, we got the crispy duck confit with a petite onion ring, trumpet royale mushroom, and some swiss chard and a small turnip.
Excellent duck.
We then went to our dessert course.
We had ordered 6 items--a cheese plate with 5 selections, raspberry clafoutis, black and white fondant, Gateau Basque, "Le Président", and Madeleines.
The five cheeses were: Pierre Robert Triple crème, Humboldt Fog goat, Petit Basque sheep, Pennsylvania Noble cheddar, and Fourme d'Ambert bleu.
The cheese plate was served with cranberry bread, nuts, and quince preserves.
The cheese plate was outstanding!
My favorites were the triple crème and the bleu.
I often buy Petit Basque so that was nothing new for me.
The desserts were quite good.
Standouts here were the Gateau Basque, "Le Président" and the black and white fondant with verbena ice cream.
"Le Président" was a chocolate-hazelnut mousse tort and coffee chantilly.
The gateau Basque was a custard cake, brandied cherries, and vanilla Anglaise.
The texture differences of "Le Président"--the mousse tort with the bitter chocolate rings hiding the interior were wonderful together.
The gateau Basque was very smooth and quite a different cake than generally served.
With dessert, two of us had coffee and one had a single espresso.
Throughout the meal, the waitstaff was excellent.
There was a little hesitancy with one server as the restaurant has only been open for about three weeks.
I was brought a fresh glass of iced tea before finishing the one I had.
Water was refilled during the meal.
The only reason I didn't give the fifth star was the mixup in the tasting menu.
The runner had taken the lead in contacting the restaurant about a tasting menu.
After some conversation, a list was sent and approved for our group.
However, two of the things we had chosen were not served and one of the appetizers we got, the scallops, was not ordered.
Additionally, we were headed from our lamb right into our dessert course skipping over the duck confit--one of the must items on our list.
When brought to the attention of our lead server, a manager came over in a short while and told us the chef was preparing our duck.
I know the restaurant has only been open a short time, but for a Daniel Boulud restaurant, when a menu has been submitted and agreed to, it should have been followed.
The serving staff was excellent.
The back of the house service needs some improvement.
I hope to go back and let this place wow me again because the food is outstanding.
I've been to the museum many times.
The reason for today's visit was to see the final show by Rag Tag Entertainment in the Cabaret Showroom.
It was a superb afternoon show with many of the folks from Strip shows from Jersey Boys, Phantom, and Love to name a few.
It's sad the museum and the cabaret will be closing on October 17th.
I had a Groupon for Blondies that was going to expire the next day.
That figures the way I let Groupons go.
We came here Saturday to use it before we lost its value.
We were seated at a low table in the patio area.
We were brought menus immediately and our drink order was taken.
In a short time, our server--I believe Markiya was her name--came to take our order.
My wife ordered a Philly cheesesteak and I ordered the Reuben.
We were told that a basket of fries was better than two separate orders.
We got the garlic fries.
Both sandwiches were very large and very good.
The garlic fries were very good!
Service was good.
My iced tea was refilled a couple of times and I didn't need to   ask.
I normally would give a four star rating but the noise level was awful.
It was the first day of the college football season and there were some loud viewers in the main restaurant.
Also, being located where it is along the Miravle Mile Shops walkway makes for more noise.
A plus though is the oppoprtunity to watch tourists.
That's always a lot of fun.
Prices here are also high.
I can get as good in my neighborhood for less money and less driving.
Still, it was a good meal and I'm glad I tried Blondies after walking by all these years.
On my bike ride last Sunday, I stopped at Distill for breakfast based on recommendations from friends.
There was a place to lock the bike outside the front door and it was safe out of view from the plaza's streets.
I've been here when it was a Mexican restaurant and the decorations have changed.
There's a lot of whiskey barrel type furniture with leather/vinyl coverings.
There are also a lot of decorative signs with funny sayings.
The room is quite dark until your eyes get adjusted.
There are a couple of spaces at the bar that have no video poked machines built in and I chose one of these paces.
Lelaine was the bar hop and she was there with my coffee quickly and a menu.
I ordered the Distill breakfast sandwich with sausage, eggs over easy, jack cheese, and English muffin.
You can get the sandwich with other cheeses, eggs cooked the way you want, biscuits or bread, and bacon or ham.
There are lots of choices.
The sandwich was brought with a nice helping of hash browns and my coffee was refilled.
The sandwich was a nice break from the normal omelette I get when I have breakfast out.
I enjoyed my stop here and I'll try it in the evening to have on of their burgers.
Good service and good food.
SportClips sent a mass mailing to area residents before their opening for a free haircut with MVP experience.
What's not to like.
This is about 1/2 mile from where I live so it's very convenient.
I was greeted promptly and signed in.
After a very short wait, Ofelia called my name and in I went for my haircut.
The sports theme is everywhere.
Supplies, including vacuums for cleaning up cut hair, are kept in lockers.
After a few questions about how I wanted my hair cut, Ofelia started working.
When she was done to my satisfaction, I was escorted to the next room where I was seated in a vibrating chair, had hot steamed towel facial, and a great shampoo and scalp massage.
There are two hot towels used during this MVP experience and it's very relaxing.
Back in the main area, my cut was finished with back and neck massage with a hand held device.
After some gel and styling, I was ready to check out, tip Ofelia for good service, and be on my way.
It's a place to which I'll return.
Note:  I corrected the zip code on the business information in an edit sent to Yelp HQ.
I also noted the ?
on the map.
The zip code was changed but the map shows the place as being 11 miles away even though the zip is correct.
I sure miss the way you could edit the spot by dragging the ?
to the correct location.
Until it's fixed, there's no checking in.
I finally found the wallet I've been searching for at Wilson's at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets South.
This is a small store, but they have a lot of items at a good price.
Their wallet display was small, but I knew that my quest was over.
The person manning the store was very helpful and quite friendly.
I'll look here when I have a need for leather goods in the future!
I have only been to a ramen place two times before so I don't have a great deal of experience.
Some family members were in town and since they had watched a movie called "The Ramen Girl" they wondered if we had any ramen places in Las Vegas.
Sora has been bookmarked for many months so that's where we stopped.
We each ordered a different ramen.
I got the spicy miso ramen (size large) and a diet Coke.
The ramen was delivered in a few minutes and it was very good.
The broth was rich, the chasu was very good, and the egg was perfectly cooked.
I added some extra seasoning from the table and this turned out to be a very filling late lunch/early dinner.
As we were finishing, one family member asked if I wanted to try and order of dumplings.
Why not?
We got an order of gyoza and they were good.
The sauce served with them was outstanding!!
Service was very good.
The price was good.
Soup is always good.
All served up in a small, comfortable restaurant.
There are few left but Market Street Cafe at the California Hotel in DTLV is one of the value coffee shops still left.
I met a good friend from Toronto and he chose this place because the buffet to which we had planned to go at the Fremont was closed for renovation.
They still have a $9.99 prime rib special and that's what we both ordered.
It comes with soup or salad bar, baked, mashed, fries or other options for starch, and cherries jubilee for dessert.
I asked for the rarest piece of prime rib they had and I was off to the salad bar.
My friend got the soup of the day, a corn chowder.
The meals came quickly and my prime rib was a nice reddish pink color.
We both ordered baked potatoes and Sandra--our very 'Aloha' server--brought small containers of butter, sour cream, and horseradish before the dinners were ready.
This is not prime rib from some fancy, high priced restaurant.
It's a basic slice of prime rib, thin, but it had good flavor and it's quite a bargain for what you get.
The baked potato could have used a bit more cooking but it was otherwise OK.
The dessert, cherries jubilee, is simply a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top of some cherries in a sweet sauce.
While not the real thing, it was an enjoyable ending to the meal.
Since my friend uses insulin and can't have the ice cream, I fell on my sword and had both.
With Boyd owning this casino and picking up other properties around the valley, I'll go farther afield with my dining offers than just the Suncoast.
I enjoyed my dinner here.
Our server, Sandra, was a gem!
What a great attitude and very friendly and welcoming!
There should be more like her.
Aloha!
Four of us went here for dinner tonight with a $25 restaurant.com certificate.
Two people had fajitas (one chicken, one beef), my wife had Pollo Ranchero, and I had steak Tacos al Carbon.
We also had an order of table side made guacamole.
Everything was very good and we all enjoyed our respective meals very much.
The guacamole was outstanding.
Service was very good.
The staff was quick to refill drinks, and we were quite pleased with our decision to eat here prior to seeing Louie Anderson in the Bonkerz Comedy Club.
The Las Vegas Academy Theatre is the performing arts wing of the Las Vegas Academy of International Studies, Performing and Visual Arts.
The students have an excellent program of theatre and musical performances.
The school has a national reputation.
They have been asked to premier the high school version of such musicals as Miss Saigon and Sweeney Todd.
The school was established in 1993 and it has approximately 300 theatre and technical theatre majors.
The Academy has three theatres--a black box, the Lowden Theatre for the Performing Arts, and the Las Vegas Academy Performing Arts Center.
The school in downtown Las Vegas is a magnet for students with an interest in pursuing a theatre career.
Check out the season offerings by looking at the website.
They do a fine job!
I saw Penn &  Teller last night for the 5th time and I thought it was the best show I've seen them do!
The show moved smoothly from one illusion to another and Penn has learned how to limit his narration so he doesn't talk too much.
There are a few of the old favorites--the concluding gun trick, Teller's flower routine, and the "mind reading" part.
There are several new illusions and I was glad to see them.
This is what I like about these two guys.
They always do different things so the show is a combination of older favorites and newer illusions.
And, if you go now, you get a chance to hear Teller speak--sort of--but then I guess you'll have to go and see the show for yourself!
These guys are good.
A final note, my ticket was a comp from the two.
Each year in December, they give United Blood Services a card to give to blood donors for two free tickets to their show.
They support Las Vegas and it's appreciated!
This was really an excellent meal.
I went to Anthony's last night and I'm so glad I did.
I had the 18 ounce, bone in filet done black and blue.
First, the bread basket they bring you has a trio of breads from which to choose.
There was sesame lavash, raisin bread, and regular sliced French bread.
With it, they brought butter that had some olive oil on it to give it extra flavor and they ground sea salt on the butter.
Yay!
The steak was exactly the way I like it--charred and cool inside.
Just walk the cow through the kitchen!
On the plate were some small greens making a small salad, a small broiled tomato half, and a grilled pearl onion.
I ordered for a side the tater tots with bacon and cheese.
These little critters are excellent.
Grated potato formed into small barrels around some bacon and cheese and then fried.
Delicious!
I ordered the chocolate soufflé for dessert at the beginning so my server would have the chef start it as I was nearing the end of my steak.
I needed to get to the other side of Las Vegas for a show, and I was beginning to worry about the time I had to get there.
It turned out to be fine.
The wait for the soufflé was well worth it.
There was a rich chocolate flavor and with the soufflé there was a small pitcher of chocolate sauce with small round chocolate crisps.
I opened the soufflé and poured in some of that good sauce.
The whole thing is highly addictive and may be on a controlled substance list somewhere.
My server was Leon and he was great.
Someone was there to refill iced tea, refill my water glass or remove dirty plates.
The room is very modern and I sat at a window table on the side and enjoyed watching the folks below who were coming back from the pool.
One of my better steak experiences in Las Vegas.
I've been stopping for breakfast during my Sunday morning bike rides and I decided to give PKWY Tavern a try.
I had been here several times when it was the Roadrunner Saloon and this was on my planned route.
I walked in and stopped at the podium but there was no one in sight.
I walked down the ramp into the bar area and again not a soul in sight.
After a short wait, a woman came to the bar area and I asked about breakfast.
They do have breakfast and I could sit anywhere I wanted.
I was the only customer at about 8:30 AM.
The server brought me a menu and then brought a hot cup of coffee.
The menu is sparse for breakfast--there are only 7 items.
This is a young person's beer drinking, pong playing kind of place and breakfast would not be a big draw.
Regardless, I chose the bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich the menu describes as "griddled Texas toast with American cheese, bacon, tomato and fried eggs served with tater tots."
Within a short time, my plate was brought.
The tater tots were standard ones that had not been deep fried again but were most likely heated in a microwave.
The sandwich was good with crispy bacon.
The interplay of tomato, cheese, and egg was good.
The server came back and refilled my coffee.
She was a very pleasant woman and her service was excellent.
After paying, I took the opportunity to check out the changes since I had been there before.
The cowboy/Western theme is pretty much gone.
Where there had been booths on the south side secondary eating area, there are now large window doors to open the place up to the patio that's enclosed with a fence.
It also has artificial grass which is a plus for our water use.
I'm sure this is a great place to enjoy some of their large selection of beers and socialize.
It was also in this area where I locked my bike.
It was inside the main door but before the second set of doors into the restaurant.
That gave some security by not having the bike outside facing Flamingo Road.
I'd come back again.
For Sunday breakfast while others are sleeping in or sleeping it off, it was a quiet place.
I stopped in for a late lunch/early dinner and I asked to be seated at the counter.
The person at reception told me to take any seat.
And so I did--right in the center of the U looking straight into the kitchen.
I ordered the pork carnitas torta.
This is a large sandwich and plan to cut it and eat it in pieces.
If you attempt to pick it up and eat it like a hamburger, you'd better have big hands and a big mouth to match.
It is filled with goodness.
With the carnitas are cotija cheese, jalapeño crema, charro beans, onion, lettuce, tomato, and avocado.
With the sandwich I got fries.
You have a choice of regular fries, sweet potato fries, or fresh fruit.
The sandwich was on a large hamburger style bun, not the oval shaped torta I had expected but that's a minor critique.
It was tasty and messy eating and good eating.
Service was very good.
As soon as I sat down, a server was there to take a drink order and someone arrived with a menu and asked for a drink order.
Eddie was my main server and he was efficient and friendly.
Northside Café's a good place to stop for lunch and I'll have to stop by for dinner some evening.
I have driven by Pop's many, many times and always wanted to stop and give it a go.
I had a program at the Nevada State Museum and after doing a quick check of my bookmarks, this is where I stopped.
Ordering is through a screen on the left side, pay on the right side window, and pick up there also.
I ordered the #32, a cheesesteak with peppers and mushrooms.
The cook asks if you want onions and I got them, too.
I also ordered some fries and a diet Coke.
All seating is on the patio.
Keep that in mind when it's in the cold months or in the middle of summer when it's 100 degrees at 9 PM.
My sandwich was tasty and it was OK.
I should have ordered extra cheese because that was the only thing I found lacking.
When I make cheesesteaks at home, I always load up on the cheese.
The roll was great.
Very fresh.
The fries were pretty standard.
I did notice that they have other foods they deep fry including Oreo pieces for deep frying.
I might need to stop here for a dessert some evening before it gets to be the hot days of summer.
The parking lot is small.
The staff was very pleasant.
We decided to have something different last night and tried the Tropical Smoothie Cafe in Village Square at Peccole Ranch.
We got a pamphlet in our door a week or so ago, and the menu looked interesting.
I had the Jamaican Jerk Chicken wrap and my wife had the King Caesar wrap.
I had a Hawaiian Breeze Smoothie with my meal.
The wraps were very tasty and the price was good.
They have a special of two wraps for $9.99.
This made a quick take out stop for an early dinner I had to have before meeting s friend near the Strip.
I'll return.
There are other things on the menu that need trying and this is a good alternative for fast food.
We stopped here for something different.
I had looked at the menu online and decided on the kebab trio--a dinner with koobideh, chicken, and lamb kebabs.
Served with the meal are vermicelli pilaf, basmati rice, a house salad, and grilled tomato and red pepper.
I started my meal with a cup of their summer soup available for a limited time.
It's a cucumber yogurt cold soup with walnut pieces and golden raisins for a touch of sweetness.
The soup was topped with some croutons and garnished with a sprig of mint.
It was excellent!
Very different and very refreshing.
For the main course, the kebab trio was perfect for the two of us.
My wife does not like lamb.
By sharing the trio, I was able to have some lamb while she stuck with chicken and koobideh.
Of the three, the koobideh was the star of the dish.
The lamb was cooked too much--I had requested rare and it was more on the medium side.
It was also a bit tough.
The chicken was OK but there wasn't much spice to it.
The koobideh, on the other hand, was done medium rare as I asked and it was flavorful and very enjoyable.
For dessert, my wife got the rice pudding (it was very good), and I got an order of baklava--also very good.
Service was not the best.
We waited at the podium for about 5 minutes before anyone came to seat us.
My iced tea wasn't refilled in a timely manner and even though there were only a few other diners in the room, our server seemed to disappear for long periods of time only checking back with us once near the end of our dinner.
I also thought it was a bit tacky to take the dessert order, enter it into a nearby terminal, and then put the bill on the table before clearing the dishes and well before dessert was brought.
Bad form.
If I decide to come back, it will be for takeout, but with other choices in the area for Mediterranean food, I probably will go elsewhere.
I''ve been to this store twice and have been unable to get what I wanted.
It was difficult trying to find staff to ask a question.
There are so many other places that are stocked with many more things.
There's also the little thing called the internet.
There's really no reason to waste my time here anymore!\

And this is a Sears Grand?
That's surely misnamed!
It's been about 10 years since I was to the MGM buffet.
There was no line at the register and the person at the register told me to go to the VIP line as I had a comp.
The layout is different since they renovated some years ago.
I checked everything out first.
After looking around, I got a New York steak piece (not really NY steak) but it was OK and there was still a small amount of pink.
There were also creole shrimp and they were very good, very spicy!
I added a chicken cordon bleu which was not the best of my first selections.
The fried wonton were not good at all and should be avoided.
Rounding out the first plate was some pasta Bolognese which had a surprising amount of heat from ground red pepper.
It was pretty good for a buffet.
Someone wasn't afraid to spice things up a bit.
For the second plate, I got some sushi roll slices which was standard buffet type.
I got two pieces of spicy Portuguese sausage which was quite good, and I went back for more of the pasta.
I loved the pepper heat of it.
I had some carrot cake and a chocolate pudding for dessert.
These were standard buffet type desserts.
Nothing special but not bad.
The staff was a little slow with bringing my first iced tea but when she did bring it, she brought two glasses at once which was nice.
The buffet is OK but for the price, I'd go to others which have a better selection of items.
Four of us met for lunch at the Country Club at Wynn.
I had the Cobb salad with chicken and an iced tea.
Another had the watermelon gazpacho and a shrimp cocktail.
The third meal was the Wynn sandwich, and the last person had the Wynn hot dog.
Service was very good.
We all enjoyed our meals.
One bummer was we couldn't sit outside nor go out to see the golf course because they were in process of overseeding the course and watering it quite a bit.
Next time.
The room is nice, and I will be back.
I do want to try the hot dog the next time.
I love the condiments they serve with the dog.
I do some shopping at Costco, but I go mostly here for gas.
The bulk buying just doesn't fit our purchasing habits.
I do like the store, however.
Not a whole lot to be said for this review.
I stopped here when looking to buy some new pants.
They had some I really liked.
The price was good, checkout was quick, and I left with the feeling that I had won--finally finding what I wanted.
It was an A-OK visit.
We had a Groupon expiring in a few weeks and decided to use it last night on a lazy Labor Day evening.
I had looked at the menu online and we pretty much knew what we were going to order.
For starters, we shared the appetizer polpette, baked turkey meatballs in tomato sauce and parmesan cheese.
The meatballs were excellent.
They were juicy and the tomato sauce billed on the menu as San Marzano tomato, was also very good.
It made a nice dish for sharing.
This was the first time in years that we have gotten pizza.
I know that's almost un-American but it's true.
We ordered the quattro fromaggio with bufala mozzarella, ricotta, parmesan, and fontina cheeses.
The pizza made 4 large slices and was almost the perfect size for two people.
I had to bite the bullet and finish more than two slices but we all have to make sacrifices.
We ordered it Neapolitan style.
It was a treat!
A little dessert never hurts the ending of a meal and we ordered the sweet bufala mozzarella with honey and pistachio nuts.
A small size but just right for two people.
A nice ending to a good meal.
Service was excellent.
Matthew had a good sense of humor and was a top notch server.
I mentioned to one of the owners (?)
that the Groupon worked the way they hoped.
It got us in the door and the food will bring us back.
This was a nice change.
I had a meeting with two friends and this was where it was suggested we get together.
I ordered a salted caramel latte while I waited.
It took longer than I thought it would be--almost 5 minutes--but it was brought just as my friends were entering the shop.
Salted caramel will get me anytime and this was no exception.
A good tasting coffee with the right amount of flavoring and salt.
There is wifi offered by I didn't get the password so I went without using their wifi.
The place was fairly quiet when I went in for our 2:00 pm meeting, but by the time I was leaving a short time before 4, the place was fairly crowded and quite lively.
This is definitely worth another visit to try for breakfast or to get an empanada that I saw on their menu.
I will be back.
I decided to go out for breakfast after the gym and had this place bookmarked for some time.
I sat at the counter after reading the galettes and crêpes descriptions on the large menu boards.
I ordered the galette of the month and a black coffee.
The coffee was brought quickly in a glass that kept the coffee very hot for a long time.
I watched as the young woman made some crêpes that were being taken out and two galettes for other customers eating in house.
And, I had the fun of watching her make my galette.
The galette, made with buckwheat batter, was quite good.
The cheese and tomatoes had a lot of flavor but the honey was very light in adding anything to the dish.
While waiting, I chatted with Madame Maggie and I looked at her homemade jams for sale on the counter.
I need to go back and try a sweet crêpe.
The Nutella seems to be calling me.
It's good to have a crêperie like this not too far from home.
I stopped in yesterday when I was in this plaza as I had read good things about the bakery on Yelp.
I was disappointed in the rolls I bought.
They were multi-grain topped rye rolls and they were dry.
I haven't yet tried the pretzel rolls.
I hope they're better than the rye ones.
I also bought two cookies, a peanut butter and a chocolate chip.
The peanut butter cookie was good.
The chocolate chip is in the freezer for another day.
Since this isn't my neighborhood, I'll stop elsewhere for baked goods.
I really think the rolls in grocery stores are as good as what I bought yesterday.
The bakery was OK.
Tonight's show was the first public preview show.
The premiere will be this weekend.
The show consists of 19 songs--showstoppers from Broadway musicals--that were evidently chosen by Steve Wynn.
There are 19 songs in all as of this evening.
The show opens with a medley of songs from Hello Dolly and Mame, then Cabaret and finally Chicago.
In between there are some shows that are represented by one song including one called "Ol' Las Vegas" a takeoff on the song "No Name City" from Paint Your Wagon.
The cast consists of 66 people counting a full orchestra and a large complement of singers and dancers with several lead singers.
The cast is extraordinarily talented.
They sing beautifully and the dancing is done very well.
My favorite numbers for the evening were "Willkomen" from Cabaret, "Cell Block Tango" from Chicago, "Everything's Coming Up Roses" from Gypsy, and the "Chorus Line/One" opening number for A Chorus Line.
The solo numbers were absolute standouts including "All That Jazz" from Chicago.
A few thoughts on the show.
Note, I am a theatre junkie.
I love all types of theatre, especially Broadway.
While I enjoyed this show a whole lot, it's too short at just about 1 hour and 5 minutes.
I couldn't believe they were doing curtain calls so quickly.
The show started about 5 minutes late--what do they think this is, the Smith Center?
Perhaps the late start was opening night.
Early on, one of the characters introduces a number with some short comments.
After that, a recorded Steve Wynn introduced some sections and individual numbers.
Do we really need a recorded Steve Wynn telling us what "Razzle Dazzle" from Chicago is about?
All I could think was, "Pot, meet kettle.
On the way out, we were handed a survey to help them improve the show.
The last question is "Would you recommend this show to family, friends, and Las Vegas visitors?"
The possible answers given are:  1) Yes - it's a great show for all; 2) Maybe - depends on whether they like Broadway or not; and 3) No.
And there's the rub.
The show will be liked mostly by people who know and like Broadway.
The show will appeal to the older demographic, certainly not the Tryst nightclub goer.
I hope the show succeeds but I wonder if it can.
Very talented singers and dancers weren't enough to keep Spamalot and Avenue Q in this theatre and there are no bells and whistles like Phantom.
Time will tell.
As a tip, the website did not allow choosing a seat rather you are assigned one.
I'd recommend sitting at least four to five rows from the stage.
If you want to be assured of where you're sitting, I'd call the box office and have the seat map on your computer.
I went to Mel's after my hike today to have some breakfast and get some coffee into my system.
I sat at one of the few empty seats at the counter.
Everyone at the counter had a place mat that said "I Love Coffee" and had different shaped mugs on the mat.
I had a placemat that said "Dallas Cowboys."
That's going to be a LOT to overcome to get a good rating from me.
Given that, my server was right there with coffee and she gave me time to look at the menu.
When she came back, I was ready and I ordered the Lake Mojave omelette with sausage, green chili, mushrooms, and pepper jack cheese.
I had my choice of hash browns or something more healthy and the hash browns come with or without onions.
I went all in and got the onions, too.
I took in the ambiance of Mel's and the locals who were at the counter and before long, the server brought my omelette and toast.
I did, however, have to flag down the other server to get some utensils.
Evidently Cowboys and their fans eat with their hands.
Breakfast was very good.
I had coffee refills quickly and the service was really good except for that small utensil thing.
I stopped for breakfast this morning on the way to the Run For the Wish 5K.
I had to buzz to get in because it was only 7:30 or so when I got here.
The front door was unlocked, and in I went to a very dark place.
I was given a menu and time to look it over.
When I asked about one of the breakfasts, he said to me that all of their dishes are large portions.
I ordered the Miner's Breakfast, a combination of many sliced potatoes along with scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, onions, and peppers all topped with melted cheddar and pepper jack cheese.
It was very tasty, and it was too much.
Things here seem to be made for two people.
I was served coffe in the beginning, but I never was asked about a refill.
Service was a bit slow, but since there were only three of us there, it should have been better.
I took away one star for the service and the no refill on the coffee.
I did enjoy breakfast and I'll continue my tradition of having breakfast at a different place before each of the events like this that I do.
Before seeing Zumanity, I had dinner at Gallagher's, something I haven't done since the 1960s when I ate at the original in New York City.
I had a reservation for 5:30 and was promptly seated in a mostly empty restaurant.
The waiter was soon at the table with ice water and to take a drink order quickly.
After finding out the weights of the various steaks.
I didn't want 18+ ounces in a steak so I ordered their "signature house-aged bone in sirloin."
I ordered it cooked blue.
I also ordered a side of the Special Spud.
Last night, it was mashed potatoes with jalapeño pieces, bacon bits, and cheddar cheese.
For dessert I got the Sticky toffee pudding.
I was brought a nice bread basket with two types of bread and some whipped butter.
The server brought my iced tea and it was kept filled throughout the time I was there.
The steak came and it was done exactly the way I like it--nice grill marks on the outside and cold, red on the inside.
It was a good steak.
The Special Spud was very good, probably the highlight of the evening which isn't necessarily a good thing when a side is what you remember your dinner for.
The sticky toffee pudding was good, also.
It came with some whipped cream and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.
Service was attentive and pleasant from the time I was greeted at the door to leaving.
My server was Bobby and he was a very pleasant gentleman.
I enjoyed the ambience of the restaurant and it got to be fun when some more people came in and I could overhear the tourist talk going on.
A solid steakhouse but it's not in my top tier of Las Vegas steakhouses.
Note:  For those on vacation, they have a photographer come around and take photos so you can remember that special dinner in Las Vegas.
I enjoyed seeing the couple two tables down from me look at the finished photos and purchase one to take home.
I can't give MOzen Bistro anything less than 5 stars.
I came for breakfast today and I was so glad I did.
MOzen is on the 3rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in CityCenter.
The view of the Veer Towers and Crystals is excellent, but I didn't come for that.
I ordered the Nantucket Eggs--Grilled jumbo lump crab cakes, poached eggs, baby spinach and hollandaise sauce (from their menu).
I also got a nice round of cubed breakfast potatoes topped with two asparagus spears and two grilled tomato wedges.
I also ordered pork sausage links as a side.
The crab in the crab cakes was excellent and the poached eggs were done the way I like them.
Everything was very tasty.
I can't review MOzen without mentioning the excellent service I received.
My server, Alejandro, let me know this would take a bit longer to prepare and asked if that was all right.
During the wait, the manager came by and introduced himself.
He learned I was a local and seemed pleased to have a local visiting the restaurant.
He brought me the dinner menu and invited me to return for some Asian fusion dishes.
He also offered to bring me a newspaper to read while I waited.
Alejandro was equally gracious and on the ball.
He refilled my coffee several times, came by to see if everything was prepared right, and saw to it that I received excellent service.
The place is pricey, but it was well worth it and I knew the prices before going there.
I will be back to have dinner.
This was an excellent breakfast experience!
This has to be one of the best Starbucks in the area.
There is a lot of seating outdoors when the temperature warrants.
The indoor seating area is a bit larger than most, bit it's the outside patio area where this Starbucks shines.
The staff here has always been very good.
The quantity of food on hand is ample to meet their high demand.
It's a pleasure to come here.
There is no drive through.
I took our two cats here to get them clipped short for the summer.
Cats, as anyone knows, can be difficult critters with which to work.
It can be difficult living in the same household at times, too!
When I got a recommendation for Misti-Sue, I called and made the appointment.
She's a very pleasant woman.
She works well with the pets in her care and does an excellent job.
For the last three years, I had the cats groomed at one of the major pet food chains.
They always came home somewhat traumatized by the experience.
One groomer dropped the one cat when she didn't have the pet carrier closed correctly and the cat almost went running through a store with lots of dogs on leashes.
Misti-Sue's work is first!
I won't hesitate to return to have her groom the youngins again.
I had a Groupon for the Florida Cafe that was going to expire in a few days so I went here last night to use it and I'm glad I did.
My server was a delightful young woman but we had a bit of a language problem as you'll see during my review.
I looked over the menu and I also asked her suggestion.
She pointed to an oxtail stew that's not on their online menu.
I opted to take her advice.
I started with their papas rellenas--mashed potatoes stuffed with picadillo beef and deep fried.
Presentation was very nice with two very thin plantain pieces deep freid and stuck in the papas.
There was also a small salad.
The menu said all dinners come with red or black beans and rice.
I specified black beans.
That was the first language mixup.
Not only did I get black beans with my meal but my server brought me an extra bowl of black beans because she thought I ordered an extra dish.
It was good so I ate both!
The oxtail stew was very flavorful.
I think some people might have thought the broth was salty, but it was just great for me.
Dessert order time.
I asked about the size of the tres leches cake tower with flan and coconut.
She assured me it wasn't that large and then she brought me the normal flan and not the tres leches cake.
Language problem number 2.
She asked if I wanted more Coke and I said, "No, iced tea."
She then brought me a Coke.
I didn't notice, but I soon had a table side science experiment.
You have no idea how Coke foams when you put artificial sweetener in it.
I managed to keep little Vesuvius from flooding the table, but I didn't drink the Coke.
Last language error.
I'm going to go back because I really like Cuban food.
I'll also make sure that what I want is a bit more explicit!
5 of us met again to try a new restaurant and try different food.
I have had Forte bookmarked for about 2 years but I never seemed to think of this place.
We were seated at two high top tables right as you come in the door.
While we were looking at the menu and talking about other things, we were approached for our order.
We asked her to wait awhile as we kept studying what we wanted.
We were soon brought some bread.
They were large round puffs larger and flatter than a doughnut.
There was olive oil on the table and we pulled pieces off the bread to dip in the oil.
It was good.
Our things started coming out.
The first plate was a shared Spanish "nacho" platter.
It consisted of some chips with thin chorizo slices and topped with a tasty truffle salsa.
We were brought two orders of meat pies that were also good.
Next came a dish stuffed baby squid served over Spanish herb rice.
We also ordered each of their specialty breads--a feta cheese stuffed filo dough round and Adjarski Khachapurri, described as traditional Georgian boat shaped bread filled with two types of Georgian styled pickled cheeses and a cracked egg mixed on top (after our photos).
Both were good breads.
It was difficult cutting the Georgian bread with the egg but we managed to mangle it enough that everyone got a chance to try some.
The filo round was easy.
All we had to do was pull a piece of the roll off and dip it in the sour cream if we wanted.
The bread was brought straight from the oven because it was extremely hot.
We had two orders of almond stuffed bacon wrapped dates with a sherry reduction.
The dates were OK but I thought they were cooked a bit too much.
Next came some Easter or spring lamb with some mashed potatoes and some salad.
I didn't think the lamb had much of the lamb flavor I was expecting and it was in a dark sauce.
I guess I'm too used to having lamb rare and not done in a stew manner.
It was extremely tender.
We closed out this part of lunch with the Thracian clay pot described on the menu as a "traditional Bulgarian specialty of tomatoes, peppers, onion, feta, Bulgarian style charcuterie, and egg baked in a Bulgarian clay pot.
For me, this was the stand out of our lunch.
it had lots of flavor.
I used some of the spice on the table to give it some extra flavor.
On the table was a spice boat with a small wooden spoon.
The woman told us that it was a mixture of 40 spices with cumin, garlic, salt, and.....  We didn't ask her to continue.
Then dessert was ordered.
We got some baklava and their biscuit cake.
The biscuit cake was the star!
The menu describes it as "decadent cake layered with honey biscuits, mascarpone, rich chocolate, Lavazza espresso, and a kick of spiced rum topped with walnuts and more chocolate.
Need I write any more?
The baklava was not like I'm used to in how it's made but it was OK.
I thought the food was pretty good.
I wanted to give the place more stars but the part that held me back was the service.
We had asked at the start not to bring all the dishes out but they just kept coming--not all at once--but close enough together that there wasn't a chance to rest a bit between tastings.
The number of plates and fitting them on our two tables became a bit of an issue.
Instead of giving us clean plates periodically, we had the same ones until the main courses were completed.
We got clean plates for dessert.
We also had to ask twice to get more water.
For such a small place with two servers at least, things should have been done better.
I might go back to try one of the other main dishes.
And of course, getting some more biscuit cake should always be foremost in my mind.
As always, good company made lunch a much better time!
Bonkerz is a good comedy club.
I have been coming here for several years since it transitioned into a comedy club first as the LA Comedy Club.
We came last night to see Louie Anderson in his Louie LOL show.
He's quite good.
As for the other comics, I find it's hit or miss.
I have been here sometimes when I've laughed a lot, and there have been some night when two attempts at jokes seemed like an hour.
It's quite interesting to see how comics deal with a small audience of mostly seniors who are locals.
Do a little research with their schedule when you pick a night to go.
There are seven very colorful rock "mountains" that have been built in the Nevada desert by the a Swiss artist Ugo Rondinone.
The very colorful boulders placed on top of each other are very colorful as opposed to the brown color of the Mojave Desert in which we live.
The stone blocks were quarried at the LHOIST Quarry and Mine in Apex and were transported here for installation.
The largest boulder weighs approximately 40 tons.
If you go to see these colorful mountains, there is a pull off parking area that has a small amount of blacktop in from Las Vegas Boulevard.
There are two handicapped parking spots that are blacktop.
The rest is a dirt lot.
Near the lot is a gate in the fence that is not locked.
Go through the gate and walk over to the "mountains."
The installation has its public opening on May 11, 2016.
Until that time, you can get close to the boulders and check them out but there is still an orange construction fence around the installation but you can still get close and enjoy the art.
The art will be there for two years and then removed.
Go for a drive and enjoy the wonderful, bright colors of the installation.
I had a gift card for Cane's and I stopped here last weekend.
The place wasn't too busy.
We found a seat and I ordered 3 piece combos for the two of us.
The food was ready quickly and I waited at the counter rather than have the kid bring the plastic trays to the table.
During this time, I got the two iced teas we would have.
The food was very hot and it was good.
I'd been to Raining Cane's before and I knew what to expect.
I got a refill of my iced tea before we left.
My only complaint was they level of air conditioning.
Damn it was cold in there.
Cane's is a now and then kind of thing.
A drawback is it's very family friendly and the sometimes loud, howling youngsters detract from the meal.
I've had Los Antojos bookmarked for quite some time and I had a show not too far away so I took the opportunity to remove a bookmark.
Based on recommendations from Yelp friends I read, the consommé was a no brain order.
I added two tacos to the order also, one pollo con mole and one al pastor.
Two things keep this from being a four star review.
The consommé was only lukewarm and should have been hotter.
The flavors were excellent, however.
The tacos were good but it was my mistake to order them at the same time I ordered the soup.
They sat there as I finished my soup.
This was my error.
When I return, I'll order like I would at a tapas place and enjoy each part while it's hot, hopefully, and then order the next dish.
The room is small and very pleasant.
I was surprised by the lack of customers because the parking lot was filled.
Someone pulling out gave me a spot.
There are so many places in this small plaza that I can see where parking would be an issue.
Invited to try some new menu items by chef/owner Jaret Blinn, four of us came here for brunch at 1 PM on 26 December.
Seated in the private (semi-private) room, we started with appetizer pastries (that's what I'll call them).
They ranged from sticky buns, to cinnamon buns, scones, and croissants among others.
Each one was absolutely wonderful.
Chef Blinn shows his skill with these pastries.
Following this, we had our savory dishes which included shrimp and grits, Citrus and crab salad, Ciabatta Caprese, crustless quiche of the day, short rib fries, Croque monsieur panini, and chorizo Shepherd's pie.
I didn't get a chance to try the citrus and crab salad but everything else was outstanding.
I enjoyed the panini and the Ciabatta Caprese as well as the quiche.
Everything is thought out so well and they're very good dishes.
After the main dishes, it was time for more pastries that I'll refer to as dessert pastries.
These included mango sticky rice, S'mores waffles, a chocolate sticky bun, and a duo of bread pudding and sticky toffee pudding.
Service was excellent with new share plates and silverware for each course without needing to ask.
Refills of my iced tea were frequent and again with no need to ask.
Chef Blinn's desire to turn out quality pastries and savory dishes is evident in everything I tried.
He's a very dedicated man who makes his food with quality ingredients and has a menu that is very diverse such that anyone coming here can find many things to like.
You're not going away disappointed.
It's a shame it's a 20 minute drive from home to get here or I'd be buying pastries more than I do now.
Getting some of these pastries in the future will be worth the trip!
I was in the area and needed some caffeine.
The baristas were friendly and quick, and I was on my way in a short time.
There's  not a whole lot more to say.
This show has a lot going for it.
I was a bit taken back by some of the less than stellar reviews, but I found the show much to my liking.
Here are my positives:

The show moves along quite nicely.
The 12 month calendar idea is a take off on the Playmate of the Month.
After all, Claire Sinclair was the Playmate of the Year in 2011.
What I thought was well done from a theatrical point of view was the ease of transition for the most part from one scene to the other.
There were distractors that took your attention away from the stage so the crew could move into place the next scenes set pieces.
For example, some members of the band came down front and played--damn well, I might say!
When they were done, the stage lights came up and we were ready for the next scene.
Thoughtfully planned transitions like that work and there's no "down time" between scenes.
The band.
Well, what more can be said.
There are 6 members and they rock the house.
There are three horn players, two guitars players, and a drummer.
Boy are they ever good!
They're almost scene stealer sometimes.
Then there are the dancers--5 of them--four women and one man.
They are all very talented and have good moves.
The ladies are dressed scantily enough to be sexy but this is not a topless show.
If that's what you're expecting, go across the street to Olympic Gardens and see all the tits you want.
Claire Sinclair, a name I hadn't heard until this show came about, acts as a narrator for the show.
Based on the earlier reviews, her speaking role has diminished.
She did some talking about where the idea came from for the show but she didn't overdo anything nor did she hog time.
Periodically, she'd do some dancing, most notably behind a translucent scrim, and she removed a top and tossed it aside.
When the scrim was removed, it left Claire clothed in a little less clothing albeit still covered.
She's there for her fame (notoriety) and she certainly has the body to please any eye gazing her way.
My favorite months were March, May, and September.
Without giving too much away, the March dance was to the song "Come Fly With Me" and the sole dancer was a flight attendant.
Really well done and choreographed well to the music.
May was a solo dancer again with the drummer near her and he'd rap the sticks on the platform on which she was standing and she'd tap dance a reply.
His stick work was amazing and her dancing was excellent.
Finally, the September theme, another solo dance, was the girl as a baseball player.
She could bend over the plate so provocatively.
It was great!
In between, there was a scene with Claire on a bed with some moving pillows.
Enough said, go and see the show to see for yourself.
It seems like there have been changes made to the show during the preview period and even since the official premiere last week.
It seems to be a polished show and I enjoyed my evening.
Finally, the theatre is a pleasant place with comfortable seating.
While I could see well, I wasn't close enough to see as well as I wanted to.
Oh, there's always a next time and a reason to go again!
Today was a multiple stop day and I included breakfast on the list of things I had to do.
I've been going to try Mr. Mama's for several months and today was it.
As soon as I entered, a server told me to sit anywhere I was comfortable.
That's what they said to everyone entering the restaurant and it's really a nice way of saying, "Come on in.
You're welcome here.
make yourself comfortable."
I had coffee quickly and the server gave me the password for the wifi which was quite zippy.
I like when it works the way it should.
I ordered the Cali omelette which is Cheddar Jack Cheese, Sausage, Pico de Gallo, Salsa, Sour Cream, Topped with Avocado.
With it came hash brown potatoes and two slices of swirled rye toast.
The menu says all omelettes are made with 4 eggs.
The breakfast was really very good.
My coffee was refilled and I had a good time watching the cooks do their thing behind the counter.
They do a fair amount of take out and it was interesting to watch them get the boxes and bags ready.
Mr. Mama's is in the commercial area in the Valley View/Decatur area and there are a number of car repair places there.
Besides the good taste of the food, the thing I most take away from my visit is the genial nature of the staff.
You are welcome there and they let you know your business is appreciated.
Thank you Mr. Mama!
I stopped in here today.
It's been years since I've been to the Meadows Mall and this JC Penney.
The store is OK.
It has a very good inventory.
The store is large and has something for everyone--except the new wallet I'm looking for.
There is easier access for me to Penney's at a store nearer to home.
If they don't have what I want and I still want Penney's, I can order it online.
A friend from Canada emailed and wanted to know if we could meet somewhere for breakfast.
She had some shopping she wanted to do today and asked what places I'd suggest.
I sent her a few Yelp links and she picked BabyStacks Café.
I have smart friends!
We met just before 8 this morning.
I have eaten at the other location where I had the red velvet pancakes.
I had studied the menu several times before going and changed my mind as I was ordering.
I got a short stack of the Rocky Road pancakes.
The menu describes it this way:  "Almonds and marshmallow in chocolate batter, topped with fresh whipped cream, more almonds and marshmallows.
Lightly drizzled with chocolate syrup and cocoa powder."
How's that for having dessert for breakfast?
The cakes were excellent!
Very flavorful with lots of good chocolate flavor and the sliced almonds added some nice texture.
Our coffee was refilled quickly.
This was a great place to meet a good friend, have some good conversation, and enjoy some tasty pancakes for breakfast.
There are so many other things on the menu you try, that I'll have to return!
I have been to the showroom at the Orleans Hotel and Casino probably 15 times.
This 850 seat venue has theatre style seating as opposed to the classic Las Vegas showroom consisting of booths and tables.
The staff at the theatre are always very helpful.
Sight lines from anywhere are good although I prefer the three center sections BB, CC, or DD rather than stage right AA or stage left EE.
There are cup holders attached to the seats in front of you, but it can be a bit of a reach as the legroom in the aisles in excellent.
The showroom tends to have entertainment that appeals to the older crowd such as tonight which was a 90 minute show by the show business legend Mitzi Gaynor who at 80 years of age put on a great show.
The lighting is well done, and I have never been here when there wasn't anything but the best sound levels with no microphone problems.
I was on my way to ride my bike and hike near Lake Mead and I decided to do a little detour and have breakfast on Water Street in Henderson.
I daresay I haven't been on the street in 40 plus years.
The place I had bookmarked was closed so I walked across the street to the Eldorado Casino--owned by the Boyd Group--to have breakfast there.
Mary's Diner is a 50s kind of place with lots of memorabilia from the era.
This is so off the beaten path that I think all of the customers were locals.
This is not a destination casino.
I ordered the chili and cheese omelette.
It comes with breakfast potatoes and toast.
It was very good and very filling.
My server was Stacey and she was a delight!
While eating, I enjoyed the music of that era playing on the loudspeakers.
I couldn't help but hum the tunes.
The music of my younger days!
This was a good breakfast spot.
My review of Club Madrid is for its use as a concert venue.
I went here last night for the Jose Feliciano concert.
The seating was arranged in almost a semi-circle fashion in front of its proscenium stage.
Last night, the seating was arranged into four sections.
The things I liked were the chairs were padded and weren't simply folding metal chairs which become tiresome during a concert.
Also, they were not attached to each other with self-locking plastic ties--again something than some venues do.
The negatives of the seating were that the chairs were close together and while there was plenty of legroom under the chair in front, you couldn't cross your legs without whacking the person sitting next to you.
For the concert last night, the sound was excellent.
The sound people were on their toes and kept things at the correct level all night.
I also noticed the number of lights in the club and watched as they were used very effectively for the concert.
This is an OK venue for a concert.
I have ridden the Angel Park Trail three times on my bike.
It stretches for about 2 1/4 miles from Bruce Trent Park to its terminus at Alta Drive west of the Suncoast Hotel and Casino.
I understand the problems some people have gaining access to this trail.
It's easiest for people coming from the east side and coming up to Rampart, crossing the street, going north a brief distance, and then continuing west along a fence separating the Angel Park Golf Course from the trail and the Suncoast.
I ride my bike and I'm usually coming from the west so getting to the Alta trailhead is no problem for me.
If the gate is open as I head east, I skip the sidewalk section along Rampart and ride the golf course maintenance path that goes under Rampart.
I've had employees wave and say hello to me so it must be OK with them.
For now, that's the only way to do the trail because the sidewalk is closed and fenced off with the new gray water pipeline work being done along Rampart and Alta.
My favorite part of the ride is entering just east of Rampart and riding like the wind to Durango.
It's a hoot and a nice trail.
From the Westcliff Transit Center, you can ride the north side of the catch basin to the Bruce Trent Park or you connect with the Bonanza Trail that runs east through the Charlie Kellogg and Joe Zaher Sports Complex by going north on Durango to the entrance on the north side of the Summerlin Parkway along Washington.
It is a nice ride!
*****This review is only for part of the campus and the "black box" where I saw a play this evening.
*****

I attended a play at the West Career and Technical Academy in their "black box" theatre in Building F.  I use quotes for black box because the program notes that the space is borrowed from the engineering teachers.
The sound quality isn't what you would generally expect from a theatre.
The space was set up well with risers so the audience had good sight lines.
I'm guessing the space holds about 80 people the way it's configured.
The school opened in August of 2010 so it's a new campus.
The school is very clean and the parking is adequate for the number of students who drive.
Being a lifelong educator, it pains me to see security cameras in the hallways and the parking lots, but I know it's part of what our society is.
The campus is only about 2 miles from where I live so I'll be back and see some more of their productions.
It's good to have an audience that is more than just the parents of the kids in the show.
Well done, Wranglers Theatre!
I came here today with a good friend from out of town who wanted some breakfast while he waited for some car servicing to be done.
He let me choose the place and this was it.
I've driven by a lot of times and never stopped.
That was changed today.
We were seated promptly and were served coffee and water promptly while we looked through their extensive menu done in the form of a tabloid newspaper.
I got the Benedict's Garden, a vegetarian Eggs Benedict.
It came with English muffin halves on the bottom, then sliced grilled tomatoes, some avocado, and topped (the menu says smothered which is close) with Hollandaise.
There were potatoes and a side of some fresh fruit.
My friend got the Mexican omelette which was the special of the day.
Everything was really good.
My eggs and the mixture of avocado and tomato with the Hollandaise was quite good.
The breakfast potatoes were really flavorful and the small slice of canteloupe and fresh pineapple was like having a dessert at breakfast.
My friend thought his omelette was one of the best he has had.
Be prepared for a large breakfast.
The omelettes are listed as four eggs.
We chatted and passed a considerable amount of time.
Service was fast and cheerful.
It was a good way to start the day.
I don't go to office supply stores much, but I needed some copies made and it was on my way home.
The copying process is fast and easy.
It's amazing how quickly you pick up using a copy machine again after spending a career working in public schools.
It just goes to show you I was taught by the best secretaries there are!!!
Back to Office Max - as I said, getting copies made was quick and checkout was fairly easy.
I know it's the "most wonderful time of the year" -- back to school and I don't have to go back -- so there was some line but checkout wasn't painfiul.
This business rates its A-OK easily!
You know that feeling you get when it's 9 PM and your only meal of the day was brunch with friends at 2 PM.
Your stomach is saying, "Feed me, feed me now."
I succumbed and went to Baskin Robbins instead of one of the frozen yogurt places I normally haunt.
I got two cups of hand packed ice cream - chocolate truffle and chocolate peanut butter.
My chocolate PB was very good and my wife informed me her truffle was equally good.
Service was quick and the price was right.
I got a fix, quieted my stomach, and enjoyed some ice cream without all the toppings I'd add if I'd been for yogurt.
I stopped at Baguette Cafe two years ago on a Saturday to find out they were closed on weekends.
With much of their business coming from the office buildings where, they're located, that's probably a goof idea because even though it's along the freeway, it's off the beaten path.
There was no line and I ordered a Moroccan sandwich with chicken, one of their grilled sandwich options.
This sandwich can also be made with eggplant for a vegetarian option.
With it, I ordered an iced black tea.
I sat at a high top table on the side so I could watch the people do their work at the grill and espresso machine.
In a short time, my sandwich and tea were on my table.
The sandwich came with some mixed greens with a little dressing.
The Moroccan is made with goat cheese, roasted tomatoes, roasted red peppers, and is topped with a North African spiced aioli.
The sandwich was quite good and the mixed greens were a perfect amount for a lunch portion with sandwich.
I really liked the North African spiced aioli.
It gave the sandwich a very good flavor.
The cafe has a nice area for outdoor eating between the two buildings or in front where it's shaded.
It looked very pleasant but the morning was still cool m so I stayed indoors.
I would have tried a pastry but there wasn't much of a selection left.
It looked like the pastry people had come through and bought everything in sight.
I do like this place but it really is inconvenient to get to from where I live.
It's a good option if you're in the area.
If you're coming west on the 215, I'd exit at Buffalo and take the frontage road from there to the business park.
Going to Durango would involve some backtracking.
Mario, Joe--no desserts--what's a matta you?
I was going to a show at the Venetian Theatre last night and I decided to give B&B Burger a go.
The place was almost empty.
I opted to sit at the bar where I could watch the basketball game while eating.
Omar, the barkeep, brought menus to me promptly and got my iced tea.
I ordered a morning after burger and an order of fries.
My iced tea was kept refilled during dinner and it was a pleasant place to sit and enjoy the food while watching the game.
In a short time, a runner brought my burger and fries.
It was cooked just the way I asked--rare.
The meat was red and I was pleased.
The morning after burger consists of a good sized burger with sautéed mushrooms, fontina cheese, a sunny side up egg, truffle aioli, and frisée.
The serving of fries was a standard size and they were good.
Because of the sunny side up egg, I opted to eat the burger as if it were an open faced sandwich.
The last thing I wanted was dripping yolk on my clothes before a show.
The burger was juicy and the egg and fontina cheese added nicely to the flavor.
At the end of the meal, I asked about dessert.
Omar told me they had shakes.
Originally they did have desserts when the place opened, but they just didn't sell so they dropped them.
I opted to have a refill of my iced tea and I knew I could find somewhere else for my after dinner sugar fix.
Omar asked if I wanted the iced tea placed in a to go glass.
Nice touch and thoughtful service.
The restaurant is in a bit of an out of the way corner.
I think the target market are the poker players from the poker room next door and the race and sports bettors from across the hallway.
This was a good burger.
Strip prices, mind you, but not any more expensive than most of the burger places on the Strip.
A-OK!
I totally forget going here when I'm usually going to Wally World.
Yesterday I decided not to go the extra miles to WW, and instead went here.
The selection was good, the store wasn't jam packed with shoppers, and check out was not a bring a cot and nap while you wait.
I'll return given the pain free shopping I had yesterday!
I had a $25 Groupon about to expire, so we stopped here for dinner on the way to Town Square.
I had the Choo-Chee shrimp spiciness 3 out of 5.
My wife had the Garlic Garlic stir fry with chicken, 0 spiciness.
We had an order of fried egg rolls for a starter.
The meal was excellent.
I could have ordered a level 4 spiciness, but now I have an idea of their index of heat.
Andrea was thrilled with the amount of garlic with her chicken and the rich brown sauce with the chicken.
We ended the meal splitting the molten chocolate cake which was warmed.
I am really glad Groupon helped me find another good Thai restaurant and I know I'll be doing take out from here for the Garlic garlic chicken in the future.
We had a problem with our rear door lock today and I checked Yelp for advice.
Noting Silver Eagle Locksmith's outstanding reviews, I gave them a call, explained the situation, and tried to arrange an appointment for the next day as there was no  emergency.
We agreed on a time and then Ezra asked, "Would it be OK to do it now?"
Why yes!
Before a half hour passed, the doorbell rang and Ezra introduced himself.
He showed me his Las Vegas Metro Police locksmith ID and he gave me a business card.
He checked the door, saw the problem, and told me what he'd need to do to remedy the situation and the cost.
Within 15 minutes of arriving, I had a new doorknob with the lock keyed to existing keys which made it so easy!
Now we don't have to worry about being locked out of our house in the back yard!
Ezra was a very pleasant man.
I agree with my friend Arvin T. that I can recommend Silver Eagle to anyone.
The work is fantastic!!
Thanks, Ezra!
There have been a lot of positive change to the D Hotel since Derek Stevens bought the property.
I never ate in what was the coffee shop/buffet before the renovation but it always looked like a sad, run down area.
Before the Las Vegas Great Santa Run, I came here for breakfast.
Note, they don't open until 8 and I was a little early and had to wait the five minutes to opening.
The interior is no longer a wide open space but has been changed into smaller areas that make dining more pleasurable and also cuts down on noise.
After being seated, I was promptly greeted by my server who brought water and then coffee I ordered.
I ordered the stuffed French toast which the menu describes as:  Two think slices of raspberry chocolate bread, soaked in a rich vanilla cinnamon custard, stuffed with sweet mascarpone cheese filling and served with warm maple syrup.
This was a large breakfast.
The mascarpone is flavored with raspberry also because it was a pink color.
There was some raspberry syrup drizzled over the slices and some powdered sugar.
The French toast was OK but it was a bit moist bordering on being soggy.
I did not use the syrup as I generally don't use maple syrup--real or phony.
The photo on the menu shows the toast decorated with a dollop of whipped cream and a sprig of mint.
Instead, there was a cup of butter and a sprig of parsley.
Service was good.
I was asked about a refill of my coffee.
Not a bad place and somewhere to try lunch sometime when I do Slotzilla!
This update is going to be more meaningful for locals.
I got an annual membership for the museum and tonight I attended my first program at  the museum.
Reception was at 6 PM and the program started at 6:30.
The reception consisted of beer, wine, water, taquitos, quesadilla, and some large chocolate chip cookies.
The program was in two parts but they dealt with some of the same information.
Col. Peck (ret.)
was involved in the program to use the MiGs this country obtained from defectors and use them to train our pilots in fighter pilot training.
T. D. Barnes (ret.)
was a CIA employee who was involved in the reverse engineering of these planes.
He led teams that took the planes apart to see how they were built and of what and then put them back together.
Their stories were fascinating and they gave me information I never knew before.
The museum director said there was a full line up of programs slated for the year.
I look forward to them.
Individual membership is $50 per year and it comes with some benefits.
If you are not a member, the cost of the program was $20.
It pays for itself!
The history of the Cold War and beyond becomes more known as more of the information is declassified.
I have purchased two cars at this dealership and I sometimes get my maintenance done there.
Service is generally fast, and they have a courtesy car for rides home if the wait is too long.
I like my service associate, but I sometimes get irritated by delays at the service area.
Short review:

It's an automatic fail when I come for breakfast and am there for at least 30 minutes and not once during that time did anyone come around to offer a coffee refill.
Not once.
Longer review:

I saw Biscuits Cafe on Yelp and since it's close to home I decided I'd have to give it a go.
I wouldn't have ordered the biscuits and gravy combo but when in Rome...
This is their signature, their biscuits.
The combo includes a choice of meat, I chose sausage, and two eggs any style.
I opted for over easy.
The order was done quickly.
I am not a connoisseur of biscuits and gravy.
In fact, I can't remember the last time I ordered this.
The biscuit was OK.
I'm not sure if it's supposed to be house made but I'm pretty sure it wasn't.
There was nothing special about it.
The gravy was OK, too, with a hint of ground pepper.
I'm certainly glad I didn't order the breakfast with two biscuits.
The sausage was two links that were sliced horizontally and grilled.
The eggs were done over easy.
All in all, breakfast was OK.
I should have stuck with an omelette or Benedict--my usual go to breakfast dishes.
But, I'll never know what they're like because I won't be back.
When I paid at the register, the woman asked for my member number.
When I told her I didn't have one, she asked me if I wanted to join their club.
My answer was a polite no.
People, when you have three servers covering about 7 tables, it's not hard to bring a carafe of coffee around and offer warm ups or refills.
It should be something you dream about at night.
If one of your two specialties is breakfast and you fail on service for that, there's not much hope for you.
Michael U and I decided to try this new place.
We made a 6:30 reservation for the Chef's Counter.
On arrival, we were greeted and promptly seated.
The two sided, 20 seat Chef's Counter is the remnants of what was a sushi restaurant at this location.
The other restaurant seating consists of booths one one side along the wall and the side toward the windows consists of tables but not booths.
The Chef's Counter gives you the chance to see some of the work being done by the chefs.
We ordered 22 plates and asked our server, Sean, to arrange them in courses which he did quite well.
The menu lists items as bread, beef, whitefish, etc.
and then describes the ingredients.
Over the next two and a half hours, we had:

Salmon belly amuse-bouche
Simulated sea water with uni and seaweed amuse-bouche
Bread
Corn bisque soup
Yellowtail salad
Scallop plate with tamari, finger lime and tobiko
Mushroom bruschetta plate
Foie gras
Jumbo lump crab cake
Rice with uni, salmon, and reggiano cream
Boudin blanc
Berkshire pork belly with pear
Chicken with green chile and macaroni
Black tiger shrimp
Duck leg confit
House made lo mein noodles with garlic, more garlic
Lamb t-bone with shishito peppers
Beef tenderloin
Yukon gold scalloped potatoes
Sticky apricot pudding with vanilla cream and rum toffee
Chocolate feuilletine crunch
Crème brûlée
Eposisses cheese with quince and truffle honey
Truffle gouda with fig and marcona almond
Chocolate truffles with basil with the bill

We shared everything except for getting two orders of bread and soup.
Rather than go over everything, I'll try to mention my favorites although there was nothing that wasn't excellent!
The scallop on rice with lime was stunning in how good it was.
The lime in the rice just made the scallop shine.
The rice with uni was very creamy and tasty.
The noodles with garlic and more garlic was a stand out for sure.
House made lo mein noodles with lots of garlic and some scallions was superb!
The chicken and a nice zing with spices and the black tiger shrimp were equally spicy.
We ended the meal with a trio of desserts--all excellent--and two very good cheese courses.
Finally were were brought two homemade chocolate truffles with basil.
What a great addition for a chocolate truffle.
Sean delivered some of the plates and explained their ingredients.
Sometimes another server would bring the dishes and explain.
Sean tried to get around to do some more in depth explanation.
Service was excellent.
It matched the food.
Chef Clawson's restaurant has been open for about 5 weeks.
The menu is well thought out with a diverse list of items from which to choose.
We tried almost everything but it would be a great place to come and have one or two items and some drinks.
The back of the menu suggested alcohol pairings for each of the menu items and are available in 2 or 5 ounce tasting sizes.
It certainly was worth the trip to the other side of town to try Clawson's restaurant.
A great menu with all items very well executed!
Last night was the third time I've made it to La Flor de Michoacan for some of their homemade ice cream.
I got two scoops in a cup, piñon (pine nut which is one of my favorites there) and a scoop of elote, ice cream made from corn.
She asked me what toppings I wanted, and I got a few spoons of coconut.
Then it was outside time to sit on one of their benches and enjoy.
For a warm evening I was surprised I was the only customer for awhile.
This place is good.
Why can;t you be on the other side of town.
At least it's not too far from the freeway!
After hiking, some of our group decided to meet up with other Yelpers who were having lunch at I-Naba.
What a great place!
I asked a friend what he'd recommend and he pointed me to something he had on his first visit - battera which is 4 pieces of mackerel served on sushi rice and a bowl of udon or soba served hot or cold.
It's also served with your choice of noodles in the broth or on the side.
I got the cold udon noodles in broth.
Everything was fantastic.
I really liked the barley iced tea they served and I must have finished one of their pitchers myself.
I have to mention the service.
The young women were very helpful and polite.
They were also so good to put our cupcakes in their cooler so they didn't melt in the 100+ degree heat outside.
The music playing was surprisingly Western (some Beatles tunes) but very enjoyable.
The company of 6 other Yelpers made this lunch a special after hike treat!
I'll be back for the soba next time.
Nothing like cold noodles during our warm dessert months.
Pizza Forte opened just over a week ago in a small spot in the Hard Rock Hotel.
Owned by Mimmo Ferraro, It's obvious that their forte is pizza--New York Style sold by the slice or one can order a custom 14" or 18" pizza.
They also sell hot dogs, meatballs, and cannoli, filled when ordered and not pre-filled like most places.
Four of us had dinner at Ferraro's Italian across Paradise from the Hard Rock and after stuffing ourselves silly there, we decided to walk over to the HRH and try the new pizza place.
Not being a large consumer of pizza, I do know good pizza when I have it.
I've had enough life experience in New York and Las Vegas to have tried a lot of different pizzas.
I had a slice with sausage and pepperoni.
The toppings were just the right amount, the cheese was quite good, and the crust was browned just right.
I somewhat folded the large slice and scarfed it down in a short time.
Excellent!
While I usually don't get NY style pizza often, I know that they're doing a great product.
The dining room is shaped like a small L.  Entering from the casino, you walk past some tables here and there and reach the counter with a large Order Here sign and you can see the pre-made pies under heat lamps.
Then pay at the cashier and you're all set to try some of  the best pizza in Las Vegas.
If Pizza Forte was closer to where I lived, I'd be there more often.
At it is, the few times I'm at the Hard Rock, this is a very enticing option for quick, solid food.
After seeing the reviews from some good Yelp friends, I knew I had to stop and try Zaytoon.
My friends are right.
This place is great!
I've only had Persian food once, in Los Angeles, so I'm still learning.
After studying the menu, I went with their KGB sandwich--Koobideh Kabob that's served on their fresh baked bread and served with some sliced onion, plenty of basil greens, a roasted tomato, and a grilled jalapeño.
The beef was excellent.
The juices soaked the bread that covered the entire plate.
I got an iced tea with my dinner.
Service was excellent.
An older man waited on me originally and then was replaced by a younger man--the owner, I believe.
Iced tea was refilled twice with no need to ask for a refill.
The server checked back to make sure everything was OK.
Since I'm such a babe in the woods with this cuisine, I asked the owner if there was a correct way to eat the food.
He said what I had done was exactly the way he does it.
Let the juices soak the bread and enjoy all the richness of the dish.
I left without checking out the store section.
When I got home I saw Tony's photo of the ice cream and I wanted to kick myself.
However, with how good this meal was, I'll be a regular.
I have to try some different dishes and enjoy some dessert.
I have had several watch batteries installed here and I've had some jewelry repairs, the reason for today's visit.
My bracelet needed to be soldered where the ring wants to keep slipping off the lobster claw.
A short wait, a reasonable fee, and I was on my way.
I really do like the place and the people.
My only complaint is getting in and out.
It's along the strip side of Chinatown along Spring Mountain Road between Valley View and Wynn Road.
It can be a bit of pain, but I think it's worth it!
They'll get my return business!
I agree completely with the previous reviewer.
This place is not too far to drive and service is always quite fast.
I went to a different place today but was unable to find where they advertised it to be.
Then, I knew I should have just done what I've done for a few years.
I headed to Fort Apache, drove right in, and was on my way in about 5 minutes.
The registration process is done.
This review is for dinner at the Veranda.
I've only had breakfast or brunch here.
The restaurant ran a Black Friday special.
Call on Black Friday, make a reservation for dinner some night in December, and receive 50% off.
That's a great deal!
I had a reservation for 6.
There was only one other table occupied when I arrived but it soon got busy.
My server was Jose and he proved., along with all the staff, to be pleasant, polite, and very efficient!
I ordered 4 things--pear salad, ahi tuna crudo, Penne Tegame, and an apple and fig crostata for dessert.
First I was brought water and quickly the iced tea I ordered.
The starter was the pear salad.
Their menu describes it as Bartlet Poached Pear, Spiced Goat Cheese, Endive, Pecans, Porto Dressing.
It was excellent.
The pieces of pear in the endive leaves with the goat cheese was an amazing combination.
The pecans added a texture element that was perfect.
Next up was the crudo of very thinly sliced ahi tuna with balsamic soy dressing and guacamole.
An interesting combination with ahi tuna but it worked very well.
For the main course, I bypassed the signature pasta dish and instead went with the penne Tegame with a spicy Roma tomato and parsley sauce and mozzarella.
The red flecks of pepper could be seen and tasted throughout the dish.
The spiciness was not overwhelming for anyone.
It was excellent.
Jose suggested the cannoli for dessert but I chose something different, the warm apple and fig crostata.
It had an orange and vanilla bean reduction/panna cotta gelato.
I am generally not a fan of warm desserts but this was amazing!
Very delicious and an excellent ending to a delightful meal.
Service was the best!
My iced tea never got more than an inch down from the top when the glass was refilled.
Plates were removed quickly, and people addressed me by my last name taken from the reservation.
This is what I expect from a Four Seasons restaurant and they didn't fail.
In addition, I received a phone call on the way home because they thought they had found an item I may have left behind.
They were in error, but it shows the detail to service that's paired with great food.
I'll be coming back for that signature pasta dish.
I have to check it out!
This is a bit larger than the common Starbuck's store.
They always have plenty of pastries, a large number of tables indoors, and there's a patio outside that they share with the Tropical Smoothies store.
I have only been on the patio once.
There are enough pigeons to make any visit a painful stop unless you're into chasing them and trying to kick them in the ass.
But that fun grows tiresome quickly, so I just stay inside or take my coffee with me.
I met friends here before the store opened to enjoy breakfast, conversation, and then a walk through the store.
Normally on Tuesday, our group explores abandoned mines but with the weather so hot, we decided to explore indoors.
The restaurant area opens at 9:30, a half hour before the store.
We got there at 9:45 and there was no line.
I got the American Swedish breakfast.
It consisted of two bacon, sausage, or ham, some Swedish pancakes with fruit sauce, fried potatoes, and scrambled eggs.
I also got coffee for which there was no charge if you're an IKEA friend.
The seating area has large round tables to accommodate our party of 5 and there are smaller tables.
The large windows on this second floor restaurant look to the mountains on the west side of Las Vegas and Red Rock Canyon is viewable from here.
The breakfast was OK.
This isn't gourmet food but the price is right.
$2.99 plus tax.
It was good going early before there was any line.
I will have to come back for lunch sometime.
This isn't a destination restaurant but it was good to try.
I had to be away for 5 days and I needed someone to look after my cat.
After consulting Yelp, I phoned Pattie of Critter Sitter.
She came to the house to go over things with me, get the keys she needed, meet Jasmine, her charge for the few days, and see what else I needed.
My initial reaction was positive.
I felt Jasmine was in good hands when I left.
Each day Pattie came, she sent me a text with a photo of Jasmine and she let me know how she was doing.
She didn't just feed and go.
Part of her way of operating is to spend some time with the pet, something I'm sure Jasmine cared about because she had been alone before.
Now that I've found Pattie, I will use her services again when I go on anticipated trips.
For this trip, I learned that Rule #1 is always to consult Yelp before making a decision.
Rule #2 is don't forget rule #1.
I was at Theatre7 last night for the play Oscar: A Good Man.
The theatre is in a small building.
The set up was padded, folding chairs for about 40 people, much like a black box in a theatre.
There is a projection screen on a wall at the back of a small stage.
Last night, this was used for showing some video that was intertwined with the live actors.
In addition, being in the Arts District, Theatre7 opens as an art gallery on First Fridays.
It has a large number of art works hanging with artists' names and prices.
The place is quite nice, and I look forward to seeing some films there.
The name comes from $7 for 7PM start time for all movies.
I'll be back at the end of the month for a screening of the owner's film, I. M. Caravaggio.
The artistic director for Theatre7 is a very pleasant man who greeted everyone last night.
He also portrayed Oscar Goodfellow in last night's show.
I came here hungry after riding my bike about 20 miles.
I met fellow Yelper, Chris V.  I had sent him a message to let him know when I'd be there.
They were open at 11 when we arrived and we were the early birds in the shop.
I ordered a "pho dip" which the menu describes as "Chinese Five Spice Rubbed Top Sirloin, Pickled Bean Sprouts, Red Onion, Cilantro, Basil, and Chinese Mustard Served on a Baguette with a Pho Au Jus."
I also ordered a Thai iced tea and  5 spice carrot cupcake with with ginger butter cream frosting.
The iced tea was very good and I was asked about a refill when I was almost finished.
That's never done without an extra charge.
The sandwich was brought to the table and the gentleman asked if I wanted some of their homemade hot sauces.
I'm always game for that and he brought three of them, Thai chili, green monster, and ghost pepper.
He stated that the Thai was the mildest one followed by the green monster.
He then urged great care with the ghost pepper.
For me, the three were good, but I made my way to the ghost pepper and when it was so good, I just spooned it all over my sandwich.
The pho for dipping became an after sandwich drink for me.
The carrot cupcake was then brought and it was very, very good.
Service was excellent and two of the guys came at different times to the table to check on our progress and to see if we were satisfied.
Chris gave me a taste of his Szechuan shrimp po-boy and that will be something to order the next time I go.
I did forget to get a frequent customer card, but that will be next time, too!
I am a fan of this place!
Tucked in the corner of this strip mall on Sunset is this hole in the wall that serves up some good deli sandwiches and matzo ball soup with noodles.
I met a friend for lunch today and we each ordered a 1/2 corned beef sandwich, the matzo ball soup, and an order of two potato latkes so we each could have one.
The soup was very good and I made the comment that it was the only soup that I didn't have to salt.
It wasn't salty to me, but I tasted it and knew I didn't need more--an unusual circumstance.
As we were finishing our soup, the sandwiches were brought and they had a good amount of meat.
I got rye.
Then the potato latkes came and the waitress split the order and placed a latke on each of our sandwich plates because the tables are so small and very close together.
Service was good although I never was asked if I wanted an iced tea refill.
The best part of the meal was the soup.
I don't have to go so far to get good soup.
Weiss is OK.
I've been to the showroom for three shows.
Tonight I was there to see Davy Jones of the Monkees.
I really like this showroom.
It's a very comfortable place with good sight lines from anywhere in the showroom.
Prices are on three levels and they are relatively inexpensive.
There are three types of seating at each price level - classic long tables seating eight or ten people, half on each side, booths, and round tables that seat 4 people.
Even from the cheapest seats in the rear of the theatre, the distance to the stage is not great so sitting in the cheapest seats is OK.  Also, there are two large screens, one on each side of the stage, so you can have a close up view of the performer.
One nice touch is that there are bathrooms in the showroom.
You don't have people coming in and out with casino noise coming into the room.
Also, there's a bar in the theatre in addition to waitress service.
It's a very nice venue!
This is a great stop!
Last night, I decided to skip dessert at Casa Don Juan and instead head for Luv-It.
I've been here before, but it was on my way to McCarran.
I got the Rum Rainbow - one of the flavors of the week.
It was rich in rum flavor and the rainbow evidently came from sprinkles added to the mix that melted and left colored streaks.
It was very flavorful and very smooth.
I really like this place.
Now if it would just move to Summerlin, I'd be happy - and broke!
The Clark County Museum is a great place to see the houses of yesterday from the Basic Magnesium home of Henderson to the other homes of the era.
Looking inside and seeing the furniture and the ways our lives have changed is quite interesting.
Heritage Street is a time capsule of how we lived in the Las Vegas Valley.
Make sure you spend time looking at the main museum items too.
Much of this was owned by Anna Parks who was the owner of many of the items that are on display.
Her collection of "stuff" from the area is marvelous and her collection of Indian baskets is superb!
Enjoy the County museum.
It's a bit of a drive from the western part of the Valley, but it's well worth it.
While at the museum gift shop, look for a book called "Asphalt Memories" by the museum director Mark Hall-Patton.
It's a small paperback book that tells you how many of the streets in the Valley got named.
If you're a Las Vegas history nut, this is just the book for you.
In fact, this brief visit of mine to the museum was to pick up a copy of the book to give to a friend.
I have been here once for breakfast two years ago and tonight decided to stop in for dinner before our show.
We each had the stuffed chicken breast from the smaller portions section of their menu.
It was a chicken breast stuffed with broccoli.
The broccoli and the chicken had a cheese sauce that was quite tasty.
I had a small salad (choice of soup or salad), the chicken, mashed potatoes, and grilled yellow and green squash rounds.
Dinner was quite good.
The service was outstanding!
Our server was very polite, friendly, and competent.
Even being from the smaller portions offerings, it was a lot to eat.
I like the ambiance of the place with all things bear - even the bear paw print on the napkins.
I wonder if anyone has ever counted the number of bears - stuffed or otherwise - that decorate almost every free space of the restaurant.
I'll be back!
Yelpers - mention Yelp and you get soda, coffee, or tea complimentary.
One per table.
I've been in this theatre more than 10 times but I only reviewed the shows and not the theatre.
The venue has undergone some changes over the years.
It retains some of the classic Las Vegas showroom things such as booth seating and an area where there are small cocktail tables that seat 4.
Most of the theatre is stadium style, especially in the front.
The place is OK as a theatre as the sound is good, the seating is comfortable--depending on where you are--and it's fairly easy to get out at the end of a show.
A-OK.
Review for Restaurant Week Fall 2012 menu only:

I went to Mastros tonight for the first time and I convinced my wife to try Restaurant Week, too!
We were very pleased with the meal.
We got a nice bread basket with several types of bread.
I really liked the pretzel rolls with salt.
There were five choices in the basket.
Course 1:  We each got a salad--my wife's was a Caesar and mine was their spicy mambo salad.
They were both the same greens but my dressing was made with some wasabi, hence the spicy.
Both salads had a good amount of freshly grated cheese on them and they were very tasty.
Course 2:  I ordered the Scottish salmon and Andrea got the 8 ounce filet cooked medium.
I had several preparations from which to choose for the salmon and I chose the blackened option.
The salmon was delicious.
The filet was very good, too.
With their Restaurant Week menu, diners can choose two sides.
We each ordered garlic mashed potatoes.
My wife ordered the creamed spinach and I got the creamed corn.
The sides were huge.
Since we each ordered the mashed potatoes, we got a regular portion which is their standard size for sides.
The corn and spinach were smaller versions.
All three were very good.
I needed salt, but then anything needs salt.
Samantha started us out by giving each of us some of the sides so we each could try everything.
Course 3:  For dessert, Andrea got the chocolate layer cake and I got the Key lime pie.
ALong with the desserts, we were brought a large bowl of freshly made whopped cream--lightly sweetened.
The chocolate cake was huge.
My Key lime pie was more a normal size.
Both were outstanding!!
We ate in the Tree House overlooking the shops at Crystals.
Service was superb!
Our server, Samantha, was excellent.
The staff cleared tables promptly, cleaned the table cloth between (not that I'm a slob or anything), our iced teas were refilled often, and the pace of the meal was perfect!
I am so glad Mastros participated in Restaurant Week.
It gave me a chance to try it and I will be back.
What a fantastic start to RW Fall 2012.
What can you say about a stop at Home Depot?
I was out of kitchen flood light bulbs.
I had another stop in this area so I thought I'd kill two birds with one stone.
There were few customers and parking was close to the entrance.
The door opened directly on the lighting aisle so I didn't have far to go.
The self checkout was a breeze and I was on my way in less than 5 minutes.
That's really good!
Three of us met for dinner last night so we could share different dishes and try more.
We ordered seven items and asked the server to space them out.
First was the tom yum kai soup at medium spiciness.
The soup was good, had a fair amount of chicken, but was missing in straw mushrooms.
Before we had much time to enjoy the soup, two more dishes were brought out.
So much for spacing.
The first was nam kao tod which the menu describes as crispy rice mixed with sour cubed pork sausages, cilantro, green onions, grounded dry chilis, ginger, peanuts and lime juice.
The crispy rice were very present but cubed pork was almost flavorless.
The dish was really lacking.
Along with this, we were served the nam prik ong, spicy red chili dip served with vegetables and some fried pork rind.
The chili was flavorful and I found putting it on the rinds was the best way to eat it.
Crunchy texture and heat.
We were then brought the khao soi with beef and the thum ka noon with chicken.
Both dishes were OK.
The winning dish was the khao soi.
Very flavorful with outstanding noodles.
This was one of two dishes that were very good.
I thought the thum ka noon was watery and didn't have a lot of flavor.
The one dish which was the other star of our meal was forgotten.
We had to have our server come back to the table and remind him that we had ordered the garlic prawns.
We were brought our order.
The prawns were good and the crispy outer shells very delightful.
I had a diet Coke which was refilled several times without asking.
Service was good but I wish they had spaced the dishes out more so we had a little more time with each dish.
This was my second time at Lotus of Siam.
I think I'd be back only if I wanted to try something different in Thai food.
It was disappointing.
I had a failure of the hard drive on my several year old DVR this morning.
After troubleshooting the problem, I was told by the telephone rep to return the HD box with DVR to this office and they'd replace it.
I was in and out in under 15 minutes.
You sign in on a touch screen and are called when it's your turn.
Uriel waited on me.
He made sure I got the DVR with newer controls and he provided me with a new remote which is an upgraded version of the old one.
It was a pleasant surprise to be in and out of here so quickly with such good customer service.
I am a fan!
This is an old Kmart and it looks rundown from the outside.
I needed to get some shower soap for my wife and the Kmart was across the street from United Nissan where I was having my car serviced.
To my surprise, the inside of the store was just like any other Kmart.
It's old but it was clean and well stocked.
I found what I needed, walked to a register, and was out of the store in about 5 minutes.
The cashier was pleasant and it was an OK experience.
I certainly wouldn't go to the other side of the valley to shop here, but if I am in the area and need something, I'll remember this place.
Crazy Girls closed just before the Riviera closed and it has moved and is open at Planet Hollywood in the Sin City Theatre on the mezzanine level.
The show is somewhat like it was in its Rivera days.
There are 6 women--one being the vocalist for the group--and they perform various tease numbers and remove their tops near the end of most of the sets.
My favorite number was something titled I want a Cowboy.
The carousel horse was a little funky but the ladies did the routine well.
The weakest was a giant phallus that eventually "launched" some streamers into the audience startling some of the women in the audience.
At the end of the show, the comic, Tony Leonard, who does a few bad jokes and some magic during the show which gives the ladies time to change between sets, announces that you can get photos of the Crazy Girls outside the showroom after the show.
When I went to take a photo, I was approached by one of the ladies informing me I needed to buy a $20 souvenir and then I could take a photo.
I passed.
The show is OK but there are other topless shows in  Las Vegas that are superior to this.
No ifs, ands, or butts about that!
I stopped here because I made a stop at the Walmart next door and I needed to get some things for the queen of the household.
When I got to the register, my PetSmart card would not scan, I was asked for my phone number which didn't work either.
Then I was asked for an alternate number.
The checked tried scanning my card again and it came yup nada once more.
She suggested I redo my membership.
I left the cart there and walked out.
I later learned that PetSmart was moving away from card scanning to customers entering their phone numbers.
The woman here was too uninformed to tell me that.
The place is small, lacking in cleanliness, and certainly has workers who don't know their store or its policies.
I'll bypass this place from now on.
Fool me once!
I expected much more from this restaurant.
I met two relatives who were from out of town and were staying at Wynn.
I had the warm goat cheese salad.
It was good but small in size.
For the main course, I had Veal Picatta.
There were two small slices of very thin veal.
The sauce was a bit salty, something I never say - until now.
I got a side of crispy fried potatoes with truffle oil and parmesan cheese.
It turned out to be french fries with some oil and cheese sprinkled over the top.
The potatoes were $7.
The prices are too high even for a name restaurant in a property like Wynn.
For $59 before tip, I expect more food, better presentation, and the finest cooking.
I've wanted to try Nine Fine Irishmen for quite awhile and I got the chance to go with two friends before they returned to England.
We had neglected a reservation and that was a mistake.
We had about a 20 minute wait.
However, it seems that there were several tables available all the time--just no staff to cover them.
After being seated on the second floor, we got drinks and I ordered an iced tea, Colcannon soup, and fish and chips.
The tea was brought and we placed our orders.
Within a brief time, I got my Colcannon soup--a potato soup with onions, leeks, and savoy cabbage.
The texture was very nice and the soup was excellent.
The only reason to return here would be for a bowl of this wonderful goodness.
The entrée did not continue a good impression of the restaurant.
The wait time was longer than necessary, and the fish was not what I like when I get fish and chips.
The batter was soggy--not crisp at all--I'm guessing from sitting under a heat lamp too long.
The fish was over cooked.
Our server seemed to have a fair number of tables and just didn't get the tables taken care of in a timely manner.
The chips were OK.
This visit to Nine Fine Irishmen taught me that it's not necessary to go back.
Well, maybe to have some more of the soup.
Other than that, I'd avoid it for one of the neighborhood Irish pubs that serve much better executed dishes.
I go to Starbucks every day.
This was my first time at this new location on East Flamingo in the Howard Hughes Center.
The shop is roomy, it has lots of product (juices, pastries, and sandwiches--typical Starbucks stuff.
The wifi is free and it's fast--faster since Starbucks converted from AT&T to Google for their wifi.
There are two areas to sit outside.
There are some tables along the front and there's a patio on the east side.
Since the building is quite tall, it gives you shade in the afternoon.
There are plenty of chairs and one long table with stools where you can work with a laptop or just use your smartphone.
It's far enough away from UNLV that students won't walk here to hang, study, and otherwise be their normal pains in the butt as they are across Maryland Parkway from that Bucky.
This will just be a place where the adults come to use Bucky's wifi so they can conduct their businesses from their "office."
The staff was on the ball today and it was a good stop.
I'll be back again now that I know the store is open.
One of the coldest nights of the winter and I decide to stop for yogurt.
What was I thinking?
It turned out to be a great idea.
The yogurt is very flavorful.
I had some cookies and cream and some taro.
The taro was exceptional.
I really enjoyed it.
Since it was so cold and near closing time, I had the place to myself.
How convenient.
I'll come back when I don't eat so quickly so I prevent the staff from closing if they need to.
I'll also be back when it's warmer.
This is some of the best frozen yogurt I've had!
BTW, it's no longer 30 cents per ounce.
It's something like 37 cents.
This review is for the casino only.
I liked going to the Las Vegas Hilton, and then the LVH, and now the Westgate.
The casino is getting some makeover which is a good thing.
For one thing, they moved Elvis inside which is a good thing.
Instead of being outside at the porte-cochère, the statue is now in the middle of the floor between check in and the coffee bar.
Some of the machines have been removed and the layout has been changed to give you more room to get about in the casino.
The high limit salon is now Sid's Cafe which is named after the owner's father.
There's also a new, small bar on the casino floor where you come down the two or three steps from the entrance to the casino.
Coming to see the show Sexxy, this was my first time at the property since it became Westgate and I was pleased that it had some of the old charm with a mixture of newer things.
Fantastique!
I have been planning to go to Robuchon for a long time but never went.
Last night before seeing MGM's Crazy Horse Paris before it closes, I decided to make it a grand evening of food and entertainment.
The meal.
I selected the 6 course meal.
For an amuse-bouche, they brought a bowl of avocado foam with grapefruit and apple.
Smoke was coming out from the sides of the bowl from a couple of pieces of dry ice concealed in the lower section.
The bowl was sitting on a plate that had apples all over it.
The smoking bowl and the apple plate went with the restaurant's fall theme.
It was very pleasing to the eye and to the palate.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=_yPlRv5dbAHb6aC0TKQ0Hg#_yPlRv5dbAHb6aC0TKQ0Hg

Before the first course, the server came with the bread cart.
I chose a bacon bread and a basil roll.
He took them away to be warmed and while they were being warmed, he pulled a nice curl of butter from the large bell shaped mound of butter.
On this curl, he spooned some coarse sea salt.
Perfect!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=_yPlRv5dbAHb6aC0TKQ0Hg#cG0hupMF2hno9oNJFQzTFA

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=_yPlRv5dbAHb6aC0TKQ0Hg#vhZqX8iJde17fytPkzjdYg

The first course was spiced lobster in a cold cauliflower soup with botargo shavings.
This was excellent.
The lobster and the cauliflower made a good combination.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=_yPlRv5dbAHb6aC0TKQ0Hg#qEPSaCG4mph3gwtwMSCgkA

Second course was a pumpkin velouté with foie gras, ginger foam, and toasted seeds.
The pumpkin velouté was poured into the foam from a separate container by the server.
There were also small cubes of pumpkin for texture in the velouté.
Very tasty pumpkin flavor with the lovely ginger to add an extra layer of flavor.
The foie gras was superb!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=_yPlRv5dbAHb6aC0TKQ0Hg#Yoc7fLdK93DmTfocE3vS2g

For the third course, I went back to lobster.
I got the spiny lobster served with yucca root in a green curry with fresh coriander.
Another winner.
Very good.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=_yPlRv5dbAHb6aC0TKQ0Hg#vMMAmXsQT8J7zxTXCmYRqA

For the fourth course, I chose a special that wasn't on the menu.
They had lamb chops and lamb loin.
It was very flavorful.
With this course, they brought some pommes purée and a finger bowl with a slice of lemon and one rose petal.
After all, you have to clean your fingers after picking up the lamb chop to finish the meat from the bone.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=eKgLhGdwNq1cDXB24AmWdA#anOfKURZUpLKafsNDbh6ew

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=eKgLhGdwNq1cDXB24AmWdA#QtU_80wjNrJZwFrVkYQpOg

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=eKgLhGdwNq1cDXB24AmWdA#zFf11ODymwTGaz2wovhjiA

The 5th course was the cheese course.
By now, I was feeling full and I knew there were more good things to come.
I chose three cheeses--some bleu, a French hard cheese similar to manchego, and a soft sheep's milk cheese.
All three were good, but the bleu was outstanding!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=eKgLhGdwNq1cDXB24AmWdA#1ZeLTWxdkqNNrSQ0cK09zw

With the cheese course, you were brought a raisin roll.
It really adds to the cheese flavors.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=eKgLhGdwNq1cDXB24AmWdA#zAdat0jo4ZV4Z5YH-fhq9Q

For the last course, dessert, I ordered the pistachio mousse glazed with chocolate ganache and raspberry gelée.
Heavenly, rich, dark chocolate!!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=eKgLhGdwNq1cDXB24AmWdA#XqZUNyWMVX8_poZCZExiMw

Last, the mignardises trolley was wheeled to the table.
Wow.
Such a choice.
I took three, a dark chocolate demi-macaron, a vanilla macaron, and a small tartlet with raspberry and cream.
What a delightful way to end a meal and now I was very full.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joël-robuchon-las-vegas-5?select=eKgLhGdwNq1cDXB24AmWdA#wf4xOVg4-mfqu0liI7xk6Q

Service was exemplary!
There wasn't one staff member who wasn't polite and who didn't have a smile.
The whole package--the food, the fall theme with the flowers of reds and oranges, the plates with apples and pumpkins, the service and the general ambience of this quiet, elegant restaurant--makes for a fine dining experience.
I'd love to go back and try the 14 course menu but I'm afraid I couldn't eat that much.
Thanks to my Yelp friends who encouraged me to go here and gave me pointers, especially Rod and Marcus!
I have visited the Mandarin Oriental twice--after it first opened and two days ago.
I have not been a guest at the hotel.
I simply went as a local "tourist" who wanted to see the public art in the ground floor lobby and the 23rd floor Sky Lobby.
Everyone at the hotel both times was extremely courteous and helpful.
You can tell that guest service is number one priority at this property.
The first time I was there, I asked the woman at the door if it was OK to go to the Sky Lobby to view the art and she said, "Of course, go right ahead!"
The hotel's public areas are very classy.
The decor is quite nice.
Riding to the 23rd floor Sky Lobby in an elevator with a bench seat brought a smile to my face.
Yesterday I came back to the Mandarin Oriental to have breakfast in the MOzen Bistro on the 3rd floor.
Again, all staff were extremely pleasant and helpful.
I also went up to the Sky Lobby to get that wonderful view of this section of the Las Vegas Strip and part of CityCenter.
One of these days I'll spend a night here.
I had a deeply discounted coupon that I took advantage of today.
I was to Madame Tussaud's last year.
The place hasn't changed a whole lot but the Scream area was open today.
It was closed when I was here before.
For the most part, the wax figures are well done.
I probably spent more time here last year because I was with a friend and we took a lot of photos and enjoyed everything.
Today, I simply walked through - looking for any changes - and I people watched - one of the best things about Las Vegas.
You tourists sure are funny!
I am a big Beatles fan and I'm a fan of Love.
The show is very well done.
This music is exceptional.
The remastering of the music adds so much.
I first saw this show in previews and there were changes made in the first months following the opening to tailor the show to fix some of the negatively received bits.
I think they've done that very well.
The one part that I thought was hysterical was not received well by early audiences.
I guess you had to have a sick sense of humor.
The acrobatics and dance movements of the crew is amazing!
I love the car, the telephone booths, and so many moments that I can't name them all.
In all, I've seen the show three times, and I have been enthralled each time.
There isn't much interaction with the audience before hand.
It seemed like that reached its height with Mystère and "O" and has been slowly left out of newer Cirque productions.
If you are a fan of good music and excellent acrobatics and dance, go see Love.
You won't be disappointed!
I ride my bicycle through the park almost every Sunday and it's usually empty except for some people walking their dogs.
If there is no one out, I generally see rabbits who come from the desert to enjoy a breakfast buffet of the fine grass and plantings at the park.
It's a good sized park with lots of space for running with your pets--dogs and children--and there is a cushioned play area for the smaller kids with the requisite coverings so the sun is screened somewhat.
There's a section where you can play sand volleyball (the beach is too far away for beach volleyball).
There are covered picnic tables and clean bathrooms.
The park is well maintained.
We have stopped here after a hike or two for our snack and drink time but then read the Summerlin rules that alcohol is not allowed in the park.
It would also be a nice place to sit and read but since it's in an area where the housing starts have really taken off, it will be a bit noisy during the day.
It's a typical Summerlin park and very nice.
I had White Castle once before in when I was visiting Chicago and I didn't get it then.
When my sister-in-law saw that there was a White Castle in Las Vegas, one of her vacation stops here had to be White Castle--something that she fondly remembers from her youth.
I am still firmly in the I don't get it column.
There were three of us and we ordered a 10 pack bag with three bottles of water.
The sliders come out to be just over a dollar each but they were missing something.
Even the devoted sister-in-law thought they were missing at the very least some salt (and she doesn't use salt very much).
I was underwhelmed by the sliders.
The onion taste was about the best thing and it's really stretching it calling that little thin piece of beef a slider.
The thing is mostly bread.
Being in the Casino Royale doesn't make it an easily accessible place unless you're a tourist walking the Strip and decide to drop in.
We walked from the Venetian.
Again, I just don't get the cult following.
I'd rather spend a bit more and have something more substantial and a whole lot more flavorful!!
Friends from out of town who were staying at The Hotel asked me to join them for dinner at the Bayside Buffet.
I had been here once before many years ago, and I remembered it as being a good, solid place.
It's pretty much the same now.
Among some of the things I tires, the Chinese broccoli with lots of garlic was outstanding.
The BBQ chicken pizza was good, too.
The prime rib was standard and was much of the other things I tried from the buffet.
There were no gourmet dishes but there was nothing that was bad.
They have free wine and beer with dinner which may be a plus for some people.
One of my friends did not care for the wine she got but she and her husband were pleased with the buffet also,

I think the place it was lacking was at the dessert area.
I ended up with two chocolate cakes and a raspberry cake.
The two raspberry and square chocolate cakes were OK but the chocolate cake cut like a pie wedge was outstanding!
It was quite rich--almost decadent.
I'd recommend this place for someone who's staying at Mandalay Bay, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
There are better buffet options available on the Strip but at a few dollars more for the most part.
Komol has been on my radar for about a year and I finally stopped in Wednesday evening.
I knew from looking at the menu online that I wanted to try a duck dish.
I ordered the duck chili mint - boneless duck stir fried with garlic, hot peppers, and basil.
After reading the Yelp reviews of people I know, I opted for a spiciness level of 6 out of 10.
It turned out to be just about perfect considering the dish was spiced with red chilis and several slices of fresh jalapeño.
Tasty indeed but not overwhelming.
For dessert, I ordered the pumpkin in coconut milk.
It was fresh pumpkin cubes in sweetened and warmed coconut milk.
Very good!
Service was excellent.
When I asked the server about the size of a cup of soup, he told me it's generally too big for one person--people often split it--and I opted to skip having soup.
It was early and the restaurant was quiet, but everyone who works there was cheerful, greeted me, and had a big smile.
Thanks for the tips, Misti, Mamie, Holly, and Paolo!
I have to go back and try some more.
It is good!
Another Saturday morning get together with friends Chris V and Michael U.
As soon as we came in, we were greeted by the owners, Chef Robert and his wife Carolyn.
Kailyn was at a table near the rear trying to wake up.
:)

While waiting for Chris  to arrive, we got coffee and water and we started looking over the menu.
As Chris said in his review, we deferred to Michael for the ordering.
We ordered 6 items--two in each of three courses.
First up were biscuits without the gravy and an order of high roller tater tots.
These two were winners.
The biscuits very buttery and flaky and the tots really good with the kalbi.
The scallion in the tots was a great addition and added a counterpoint to the kalbi's sweet flavor.
Course two consisted of more carbs--stuffed strawberry French toast and a stack of blueberry pancakes.
The French toast was good.
There was strawberry syrup but I expected it would be stuffed with strawberries which were not there.
The blueberry pancakes were excellent.
I used a bit of butter and a small amount of syrup.
The fresh blueberries made this the second course winner.
We ended with an order of fried cookie dough bites and pumpkin bread pudding.
Hands down, the bread pudding was the winner of this course.
I thought the cookie dough bites were a little sweet and the bacon didn't cut the sweetness.
The owners are very pleasant people.
We were present as Carolyn made Chef Robert repeat himself--twice--saying, "You were right" to his wife.
My how she enjoyed hearing those words a few times.
A solid breakfast choice for sure.
Maybe I need to stop in and try some lunch or dinner items.
This would be a different spot for my Thursday hiking group.
I have driven by Rincon countless times and was amused by the name in big letters and below a small sign saying Italian deli.
It didn't seem to go together, but I get it now.
They have more than just Argentinian food but that's the highlight.
It's the corner storefront of this U shaped shopping plaza in Chinatown, hence the name.
I came here with a friend for a late morning lunch and we ordered and shared many items from the menu.
We were brought some bread and chimichurri.
The spices in the chimichurri were very good and went well on the bread and some meat we had later on.
We started with an order of provoletta--grilled provolone cheese topped with chili and the chimichurri spices.
We took our knives and dug in and pulled up some cheese that hung like melted cheese will.
I put the cheese on my bread.
Vary tasty and great start.
We then got the order of three empanadas--one ham and cheese, one chicken, and one corn and cheese.
All three were good.
I liked the chicken the most.
The crust was flaky and thin.
The amount of filling for the three was perfect.
Then came the main course--a Parrillada Argentina, a mixture of grilled meat.
Ours consisted of three sausages, sweet bread, skirt steak, and short ribs.
It was perfect for sharing.
We each had a length of short rib, one white sausage each, we shared the one black sausage (blood sausage or blood pudding are two names for it) and we each had a skirt steak.
We got all the meat cooked medium.
The skirt steak was a little tough but it was tasty.
The chimichurri added to the meat.
The grilled meats were really very good.
My favorite here was the blood sausage.
It's the first time I've had it and it was quite good.
Then we ordered four desserts to share--dulce de leche flan, an alfajor, a Mil Hojas, and a pasta frola.
While all four were excellent, I had two favorites here--the mil hojas and the alfajor.
I'd had an alfajor once before and it was good to have this sweet cookie once again and the mil hojas had a great filling of chocolate and the spice, which we couldn't quite place was cardamon our server told us.
The flan was very soft and the pasta frola--quince tart--was also quite good.
Service was great!
Our server was a delightful young woman who answered questions and always had a pleasant smile.
She refilled our water glasses several times.
A great meal with a good friend--that's what Saturdays are for--or any other day of the week ending in y.
After seeing the good reviews for Goodwich and having friends recommend it, I had to stop by and I made plans to do so on Wednesday.
It was a little after noon but there was little wait.
My order was taken and I had a seat in the shade of the front of the stand while waiting.
During that time, it was interesting to see tourists and locals walk by on the Boulevard.
Quite a cross section of humanity going by.
The sandwich came and it was packed nicely in a bag.
It was wrapped in paper and sealed with one of their logo stickers.
The sandwich, the foie, was very good.
It was filled with ingredients.
There's no scrimping here.
The crispy chicken skin and the almond were a nice touch for texture.
I had the sandwich Monte Cristo style and it was nicely grilled.
I also had a diet soda to go with the sandwich.
This is a good place to stop but I'm not a fan of sitting nearly on the sidewalk or in my car.
Hopefully, the guys will be able to get a real shop (if that's their goal).
In that case, I would be more likely to make follow up visits.
This isn't close to my house nor am I in this area that often unless planned.
I'm not sure I'd make the effort to try another sandwich here.
*** Review is for Spring 2013 Restaurant Week Menu ***

Elniño, a friend from Yelp, and I met for lunch at Poppy Den today to try this addition to Tivoli Village.
It was a perfect winter day so we decided to eat out on the patio.
For the first course, I chose Amma's homemade tomato soup with curried whipped cream, cilantro, and extra virgin olive oil.
The tomato soup was very good.
I didn't think the curry whipped cream added anything to the dish but color.
The EVOO on the other had helped bring out the tomato flavor.
The second course was monk fish with onion jam and dill ginger, garlic and coriander.
The fish was cooked perfectly and had a good flavor.
It was a nice light fish for a lunch.
We also shared an order of quinoa fried rice.
We both enjoyed this.
The third course was chips and ice cream.
There were two kinds of homemade ice cream, yuzu and poppyseed and lemon and poppyseed accompanied by potato chips stacked vertically in the ice cream.
The homemade chips had good grains of salt on them which countered the ice cream beautifully.
Service was good.
Our server and I talked about Little Finland in the Gold Butte area of Nevada and we talked about going there with/without 4 wheel drive.
He was a pleasant server!
I enjoyed the lunch and the day was so beautiful with temperatures nearing 80.
At the end of lunch, the sun on my back became almost too warm and we made a retreat through the restaurant to our respective cars.
I went here for dinner this evening, and I ordered the Kitfo Special - #26 on the menu.
As with Teri, the waitress asked if I wanted it well.
I said, "No," very quickly, and she said, "You want it raw?"
My answer was a definite yes!!
It was superb.
They gave me a small container of extra spice, and I used a lot of it.
It was quite good!
The meat was almost shredded, and there must have been a pound of beef.
Along with it was collard greens and homemade cottage cheese.
This really is a dish to share because you eat so much injera to consume the dish, and I wasn't coming home after, so I couldn't get a box to go.
I will be back to try the lamb tibs.
This is a great find, and thanks to you who have put your reviews here before!
This is my Sunday bank.
I go for a bike ride and get to the 2/3 spot at this plaza along Charleston Boulevard and Desert Foothills Drive.
When I need to make a quick deposit or withdrawal, this is the branch to which I go.
It was opened during the building boom, but many of the houses didn't follow, so this is often a slow place.
It's easy to get to, there are several other businesses here that makes the whole area a one stop place.
I have found the tellers to be quite competent when I've had to go inside.
But, since this is my Sunday bank, I usually just ride my bike up to the ATM outside, make my withdrawal, and make a fast pedal away with my loot.
Actually, I normally go right next door to the Starbucks in Albertson's.
Like I said,ma one stop place!
My wife had an appointment yesterday with Dr. Wint.
He was very competent, thorough, and understanding.
The staff were all pleasant and I understand their need to be.
It does get a bit overdone in my perspective.
The naming of the Tranquility Room was something I couldn't fathom.
It didn't make me anymore tranquil especially with the 24 hour news channel they had on the TV.
I am very pleased to have Trader Joe's very close to my house.
I needed something for dinner I was making and I almost went to my normal place before I realized TJ's was much closer and I hadn't gone their yet.
In 3 minutes I was parking and walking into the store.
I found what I needed quickly and then did a bit of meandering before going to checkout.
I found some other things I got that was different from what I see in regular groceries.
This is why TJ's is so good to have so close.
My only time with staff was at checkout which was quick.
The attendant was pleasant and efficient and I was on my way in no time at all.
Great store!
A blocked toilet.
Can you start your day off any better than this?
I called one plumber highly recommended by Yelp people but he couldn't make it until tomorrow.
He recommended Elliott's as an alternate service.
I called Elliott's and they booked me for later in the afternoon.
About 2 hours after my call, the phone rang and they asked if I would be home in 20 minutes that they had a serviceman on the way.
Lenny arrived and in a few short minutes, the drain was cleared.
The price was very reasonable and thew work was perfect.
If you're having drain problems, I'd certainly recommend Elliott's.
Thanks for the quick response.
It's been a while since I had Thai food and since I was in Chinatown for some theatre tickets, I stopped here for lunch.
The restaurant is located on the second floor of the Pacific Asian Plaza and was formerly the site of the Three Villages Chinese Restaurant.
Take the elevator in the middle of the plaza and it will leave you right near their entrance.
I was greeted quickly and seated in the quiet place.
There were only a few other diners and the TV playing ESPN was in mute mode with closed captions so it was a very pleasant interior.
There are about 10 lunch specials all $7.50.
You get a cup of egg drop soup, an egg roll, rice, and the dish of your choice.
After ordering a Thai iced tea, I ordered the Thai mint chicken.
Their spiciness level is on a scale of 1 to 5 and I went with 4.
I was soon brought the soup which was standard.
It was just lukewarm.
It could have been much hotter temperature wise.
The cup was just a bit more than half full.
The mint chicken was nicely done and the spice level of 4 was good for me.
Altogether, lunch was filling and tasty but nothing special.
My server was very pleasant.
This is a review for my wife.
I was going out for dinner last night and she didn't want the food I was going to be having so I had to provide something for her.
After giving several choices, she opted for Arby's whose Market Fresh sandwiches she liked in the past.
I drove down and got a turkey ranch with bacon Fresh Market sandwich and an order of curly fries.
I was home in no time at all.
When I got in late last night, she elated how good her dinner was.
She liked the sandwich and the fries were something that haven't been in the house for years.
Now from my perspective, service was just OK.
The counter critter who took my order was lethargic and that's being kind.
After taking my order, she went about filling some others and motioned to me when my order was ready.
There was only one person in the restaurant besides me and only two cars at the drive through.
Overall, the place gets an A-OK rating.
My wife was happy, I didn't have to make something for her at home, and I was off to Bouchon for some French Bastille Day food.
Win win!
We had a Yelp evening here Monday night and it was a pleasure to drive around the Speedway and enjoy the lights.
I like the tunnel of lights section and it's fun driving under the stands by the concrete pillars and looking at the various designs.
Some of the hotel sponsors' lights were quite nice.
There were also some NASCAR oriented displays.
It's a very pleasant drive of about 2 miles to enjoy the festive display.
Thanks to our CM, Drew, for arranging the Yelp night!
I had a voucher from Station casinos and it was valid at many of their properties and I decided to make the drive to Henderson to check out Borracha, the new Mexican restaurant at that property and sister to Libre at Red Rock.
I was brought my iced tea quickly along with a glass of water.
The tea was refilled throughout my time there.
I ordered the pork carnitas and a side of Mexican street corn.
The carnitas were served differently than most places.
Instead of getting pork that has been shredded off and plated, this pork came in a cast iron round pan and was pretty much a solid piece of pork that you just pulled on with your fork and the tender pork came away.
It was excellent and the meat stayed much juicier served this way.
The Mexican street corn was good but I should have asked for some extra cotija cheese to give it a bit more of the street corn flavor since it was off the cob and had not been brushed with mayo.
It was good nonetheless.
For dessert, I got something they serve that is quite different.
Their warm rice pudding is served with corn flakes on top, dusted with cinnamon, and topped with whipped cream.
The soft texture of the rice pudding with the crunchiness of the flakes made this a memorable dessert.
My server was James and he was great!
He told me about the rice pudding, advised me it would be about 10 minutes, and then brought it for me to enjoy.
I really liked my experience at Borracha and it will be a place to which I return.
I was to Hexx once for brunch with friends.
I had a show at Bally's and decided I'd walk over to Paris and have dinner at Hexx before going home.
Although in the 90s, the patio was great and the sun was soon behind the Bellagio.
Eating good food and people watching on the Strip--it doesn't get much better than that.
I opted out of an appetizer to save room for dessert (one must have their priorities in order).
For my dinner, I ordered the Spicy Jambalaya described on the menu like this: Gulf shrimp, chicken confit, andouille sausage, and rice.
The dish was excellent.
It was spicy which is exactly what I like.
There was a large number of shrimp and plenty of andouille sausage.
Then it was time to decide on my dessert.
I ordered the single origin chocolate bread pudding described on the menu as: shaved coconut, Ecuadorian chocolate chunks, brioche, coconut milk, and mango sauce.
It takes a little while for this to be made so just have your coffee or iced tea or whatever and people watch.
The time goes by oh so fast.
The bread pudding is huge.
I was so glad my priorities in the beginning proved correct.
I was expecting it to be more chocolaty than it was.
There were pieces of chocolate in the brioche bread but I expected it to really be chocolate bread pudding.
The mango sauce was perfect and the topping of coconut was very good, too!
A good return visit and more to come.
What is it with women and purses--well my wife anyway.
I finally bit the bullet and said I'd take her to Burlington today--no Coach for her.
Burlington usually has something that will fill the bill, but there's a lot of looking and looking and well you get it.
Today atypical.
Within 20 minutes, she found the perfect purse--for this year anyway.
As usual, things in Burlington were messy.
Things were all over the place.
I guess there are so many people rummaging through that they just don't have nor take the time to replace stock the way a normal outlet would.
Then came checkout.
It's akin to enhanced interrogation.
You wonder if you're in the correct lane.
You bob and weave to move to another lane that then stops moving.
It's a nightmare.
I really would like to give the place more than 2 stars but any visit to Burlington is not OK in my book.
During my bike ride Sunday, I stopped at Greens and Proteins for breakfast.
Who would have thought that healthy food would taste as good as this did?
I was surprised.
The place was almost empty and after ordering my Greek Scramble and coffee, I took a seat at a table under the section near the entrance that has a roof overhead.
The young lady who took my order, gave me a post with a number so she'd know where the food was to be delivered.
She soon brought my coffee which was very hot and enjoyable.
The Greek scramble consisted of scrambled egg whites with feta cheese, kalamata olives, basil, green peppers, onions, and was accompanied by tofu home fries.
Their information lists this at 309 calories.
I wasn't concerned so much about that as I was taste.
The taste was quite good.
The olives brought out the flavor of the feta and the tofu home fries were a treat.
There were some pieces of toasted pita to accompany the scramble.
I will stop in again and try something else.
The price was very reasonable and the patio dining was perfect before the hot days set in.
One note for those who ride a bicycle--few I know--there is a garbage can on the east side of the building and you can lock your bike to that with your cable.
I went to the Oreck Store today to buy some new sweeper bags.
The transaction was quick, the gentleman who took care of the transaction was competent and friendly, and I was on my way in a very short time.
The thing that would get me to raise the review to 4 stars would be if they moved the store closer to where I live.
I went here for tickets today to the Sampras, Agassi, Courier and Chang tennis match this fall.
I used to go here a lot when Las Vegas had an arena football team, but since that left, I've only been here once since.
One of the things I like the most is walking around the Mack and looking at the memorabilia in the cases from different concerts and boxing matches that were held at the Mack.
The building shows its age in some respects, but it still is a grand place to see an event.
I've been here for National Finals Rodeo also.
I find it easy in and out.
After getting my ticket today, I was through the tunnel and on my way home in no time at all.
Where else can you walk out the front door and see the planes landing at McCarran and look a bit more to the right and see lovely, Lady Las Vegas.
I sort of strut when I'm here knowing this is my town!
Last night was the grand opening festivities for this new place that has been open a few weeks.
There was a DJ, the Slidin' Thru truck, face painting, a Yelp table with costume ideas, and some games for the kids of all ages.
On to the reason I came.
I ordered their Nuts About Brownies shake, medium size that they call "mids."
This is one of the shakes they've designed although you can design your own.
Mine had blended brownies, Reese's, and peanut butter blended with milk.
The shake was very good but I shudder to think about the number of calories it had.
It could have used a bit more blending as the bottom ended with some large brownie pieces and some chunks of peanut butter.
All in all, it was OK.
They have a menu from which you can design your own shake.
Use caution because the price and the calories can add up.
This was another chance to get with some Yelp friends and enjoy some good conversation along with the refreshing drink.
I don't think I'll be a regular.
It's just too rich and sugary!
I was at Parma once before to enjoy one of Nelson Q.
's UYE with Chef Marc.
This time my wife and I came after a dance program for an early dinner.
In fact, we arrived just before 5 PM as they were setting things up for the evening's dinner service.
Tracy, our server, seated us and then went to get menus, dishes, and silverware.
While he was gone, Chef Marc came over and discussed the offerings for the night's menu.
By the time Tracy came back with the menus, I already knew what I was having but my wife needed time to decide.
We ordered a house salad to share.
The salad had an oil and vinegar dressing and it had a dollop of fresh ricotta to enjoy.
I got the salmon special which was a beautiful piece of salmon seasoned beautifully and cooked perfectly.
The salmon was on a bed of garlic spinach and some homemade pappardelle dyed with cuttlefish ink.
Excellent pasta, too.
My wife got chicken marsala that came with a side of rigatoni with red sauce.
She enjoyed it and I tasted the sauce and it was quite flavorful

For desert, I asked Tracy about the size of the chocolate mousse cake and he said it was large and easily shared.
I was somewhat crestfallen because I wanted to enjoy one of the wonderful cannoli I had when I was here for the UYE.
I told Tracy I'd order some cannoli to take home if the cake didn't fill me up.
When he brought our cake, there was one of their small versions of cannoli as a complimentary treat--proof that you can have your cake and cannoli, too!
It was very much appreciated!
Tracy was an excellent server.
Chef Marc is passionate about his food and he's a joy to talk to.
I'm looking forward to our next UYE here so I can have another of his 5 course special meals he designs for the Yelp group.
This had been on my "To Try" list for months now and I finally went last night.
It was quiet because it was during the Super Bowl.
I got the $55 omakase so I could experience a selection of Japanese food and not order a roll or two and be stuffed.
My omakase is just as others have described.
Course 1 - yellowtail with garlic and peppers.
Course 2 - Mizuna salad with tuna, salmon, a wonderful dressing and some capers for added flavor.
Course 3 - Black cod with a soy miso glaze.
The fish was very flaky and delicious.
Course 4 - filet mignon done medium rare.
I would have liked rarer but it was very good.
Course 5 - Assorted nigiri and a bowl of steaming hot clam soup.
The nigiri was quite good and the clam soup was excellent!
Course 6 - I had a choice and I took the chocolate soufflé with a scoop of green tea ice cream with a mint sprig.
I enjoyed the meal and I left not having a stuffed feeling of having eaten too much.
I was going to get the more expensive omakase, but my server steered me away from that because some of the ingredients--lobster and foie gras--were not available.
That was an honesty I like.
I would have rated this dinner 3.5 stars, but I rounded it to 4 based on the great servers who were most gracious, attentive, and pleasant.
As I was leaving a movie at the Suncoast, I decided to stop here and buy some bagels.
I've tried several places around town and one more try couldn't hurt and besides, it was where I was.
I got 6 assorted flavors.
While not being the texture of bagels from New York (Upstate and Down), they are as good as others I've bought around the area.
This wouldn't be my go to bagel place, but when in need and due to its convenience, I'm sure I'll be stopping here in the future for more.
I left the Hilton late last night and I was really thirsty.
This was an easy in/out option for me from Sahara.
I did the drive through and was on my way with a Diet Coke in about 2 minutes.
This is one of the remaining early style McDonald's outlets and there's a classic Chevrolet parallel to the drive through where you can take photos.
Looking through the windows, I could see the interior is also the classic design.
I'll have to go back and sit inside.
Do I see a Shamrock shake in my near future?
Three of us met at 7 PM for dinner.
Michael U had received notice from one of the employees at Twist that Chef Gagnaire would be in Las Vegas for a range of dates.
It was because of this we booked at this time.
The restaurant, on the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in City Center, is elegant and the view is very good.
The three of us ended up getting a modified version of the grand tasting menu.
We were brought three rolls each and then the meal began.
First up was an amuse-blouche of two small bites with the server suggesting the correct order to eat the two.
Course one was sea urchin mousseline with caviar.
There was gelée of bonito and grilled onion infusion and olive oil infused salsify spaghettini.
It was recommended that we mix the sea urchin with the spaghettini for the greatest flavor.
An excellent dish and an auspicious start for the evening.
Course two was lobster fricassee with kaffir lime and enoki mushrooms, baby carrot stew and sweet wine and green tea butter and the dish was topped with some edible flowers.
The lobster was simply superb!
Course three was modified by us.
We added an extra course at an extra charge.
It was carnaroli risotto with artichokes and pine nuts.
It was topped with some micro greens and a LOT of shaved truffles.
What a grand melding of flavors with the truffles and risotto and the pine nuts added a texture that made this dish another winner.
Next was time for a palate cleanser of some sorbet to ready us for the foie gras coming next.
Course four was the roasted foie gras with coffee and chestnut velouté, prunes and porcini.
More truffles were shaved on this dish and it was absolutely sublime.
The sauce was so rich and the mushrooms with the foie were the tops!
Course five was another divergence on our part.
We asked if we could sub proteins and we could.
Instead of the American Wagyu beef, I got Muscovy duck.
It ha d a green pepper sauce and caramelized pear and pine nuts.
The duck was accompanied by whisky jus eggplant cannelloni with duck confit.
Another winner, but I don't think I need to keep stating that.
A very good switch.
Course six was a series of desserts.
One of them we added à la carte--the mille-feuille with praline cream, cassis compote and blackberry sorbet.
We each took a third of this shared dessert but only one (me) slopped on the nice white linen.
The grand dessert course consists of three items: 1) Cassis: sorbet, wurtz, marmalade and cane sugar and pink pepper opaline; 2) Honey orange gelée, shortbread, mango and passion fruit topped with fromage blanc ice cream; 3) Chocolate gateau with golden raisins and Amarena cherries.
A suggestion was made in what order we should eat the desserts to get the fullest flavor profiles and it was a grand suggestion.
The dessert were rich, full of exceptional flavors, and very satisfying.
My favorite was the sorbet with grape halves that had been frozen and were around the sorbet.
A great concept.
Wait, we're not done yet.
Next we were brought a plate of three lemon meringue bites that had lemon filling between the two sections of meringue.
Each meringue bite was accompanied by three blueberries on an edible toothpick.
We're still not done--dessert six was brought for the three of us to share.
It was Gagnaire's Tanzanian chocolate parfait with coffee granité and caramelized hazelnuts.
This was rich, smooth, and a perfect chocolaty end to this grand tasting meal.
Service was outstanding as you would expect from Twist.
Chef Gagnaire came from the kitchen for a brief hello and the Chef de Cuisine, Ryuki Kawasaki, also came out and chatted with us for a short time and talked about his upcoming move to Bangkok, Thailand.
Before leaving, we each received a signed menu from both chefs with the date.
A keepsake for sure!
We also got a small package of two biscotti with the Twist logo to take with us.
Our jackets were waiting for us at the host's stand and we were helped on with them.
I can't say too many good words about this wonderful meal.
Three hours of good food, good company, and wonderful surroundings.
This is as good as it gets and a reason why this was my second visit but not my last!!
This is a new arrival in Las Vegas from Hawaii that has been open for about a week.
Serving breakfast and lunch only, they are open from 7 AM to 3 PM.
When you enter, you walk to the center register area and place your order.
You're given a card to place on a holder on your table.
When your food is ready, it's delivered to your table.
I ordered the guava chiffon pancakes with a coffee.
The coffee was brought almost as soon as I sat down and I was given a chip with the explanation that it was good for one refill.
I was told at the register that there was one refill on coffee.
There are a number of pancakes and Hawaiian dishes on the menu and the aloha spirit is evident in the decorations of the area.
This was the former home of Parma by Chef Marc and there are two good sized rooms.
In a short time, my short stack of guava chiffon cakes arrived.
Two cakes at a price of $7.75.
The coffee is $3.25 and I used my chip for a refill.
The guava chiffon is sweet and unless you like guava, I wouldn't recommend them to you.
The pancakes were fluffy and cooked just right.
You are given plastic ware and the food is served on a heavy paper plate with sloped sides.
I liked the cakes but I probably would choose something else another time.
Two friends showed up right after I started to eat and I really had my eye on the one person's order of a half portion of a benedict that looked quite good.
The staff was very friendly and one of the staff came around to check that everything was OK.
The show is still in previews and this was only the third performance for the show that opened Saturday, March 31st.
I'm taking that into account with my review.
There is some excellent talent with the show.
Generally the singing is very well done.
Standouts were Sheriff Dodd, Miss Mona, and Jewel.
The singing and dancing by the ensemble is also good.
A standout in the dancing was that done by the Aggies when they pay their annual visit to the Chicken Ranch.
There are some problems with the show: 

The showroom's stage was not designed for a Broadway musical and the scenery is very sparse--a staircase to the girls' rooms, here merely a landing--a chair, and a love seat.
At one point, there's a desk but that's the only major change in scenery during the entire show.
It would be difficult to do more than this.
Given the limitation imposed by the stage, when the crusading journalist first broadcasts, it's in front of the gold stage curtain.
Since he's supposed to be at the state capitol building, couldn't a generic capitol building been projected onto the curtain to at least make an effort at reality?
The sound was an issue tonight.
At one point, many of the wireless mics failed.
It was especially important because the governor was making his appearance and his mic didn't work.
When he launched into his song, one of the cast members gave him a hand mic which didn't work at first either.
Another issue with the  mics was that some of the cast, when they punctuated their words, there was a sound from the mics that detracted from what they said.
This is an issue which the previews should solve as the cast and crew iron out the problems.
I had some quibbles with the lighting but it was generally OK.
Finally, why did the woman who works with the photo concession have to go down the steps to the front tables three or four times during the show?
Apparently she was delivering photos, but it was distracting, unnecessary, and rude to the artists on stage who are working to provide a good show for the audience.
The photos can wait until after the show.
I will come back and see this show in a few weeks and I hope I'll be able to raise the rating.
I have seen some of the cast in other shows in Las Vegas and they need to have microphones that work, consistent lighting, and respect from the other workers at the showroom, i.e., photo person!
I went to a show at the LVH last night and I had a $10 discount coupon for Benihana on my show ticket.
It's been years since I ate here and I decided to give it a go.
You need to like dining with strangers and meeting new people or go somewhere else.
There were four people from Eastern Washington State and two from Texas at our table besides this local.
We ordered different things, but the chef kept everything going well.
A woman comes and takes your drink orders first.
After being served the drinks, she brings everyone a bowl of Benihana onion soup.
Then you get a Benihana salad.
Then the chef enters the picture by arriving at the table with his cart of food.
He starts by cooking some shrimp and flipping the tails onto his chef's hat.
He does some other tricks with his knives including the standard teppanyaki onion volcano tower which he then sets on fire.
I ordered the Teriyaki steak, extra rare.
He cooked it perfectly.
He was just as good with everyone else around the table for their preferences.
With the teppanyaki meal, everyone gets a shrimp appetizer, hibachi vegetables,  dipping sauces, steamed rice and hot green tea.
There is also dessert.
I got the green tea ice cream.
I also paid the premium to have chicken fried rice.
I was surprised by how much food there was and everyone but me passed on dessert,  Silly people!
I hadn't eaten teppanyaki in a long time, so I found the evening entertaining and the food delicious.
Also, the people with whom I dined were pleasant and we had some good conversation and some good laughs.
It was a fun evening and I'm glad I came here.
I'll have to do it again in a shorter period of time.
I was on my way home a little after midnight and I wanted a cold drink.
This McDonald's is easy to get to.
The drive through had three cars in front of me but before long, I had my diet Coke ordered and I was soon at the window picking it up.
I generally don't stop in this neighborhood because there are others closer to home, but this was perfect last night.
A good stop with a pleasant and quick staff.
8 of us stopped for lunch after hiking today.
Most of us ordered the #12, pho with beef brisket.
An error was made when one of the group wanted porridge but was served #23 (vegetarian spring roll over noodles) by error.
It was removed from the bill but he kept the dish and liked it very much.
The only complaint I had with the brisket was it was uneven.
There were several flat slices of brisket, but here were also some hard pieces of beef that were tough.
I had their Vietnamese coffee.
It was good, but I've had better elsewhere.
I do like the open nature of the room and the modern decor.
Service was very good, except for the slip up noted.
We enjoyed ourselves very much.
Review for casino only:

Like most downtown places, the casino is small, crowded with machines, generally noisy, and filled with tourists in various states of alcohol influence.
That being said, I've always found the place to be a fun spot--a place where people watching gets kicked into high gear!
I came here last night to see a show and left with a silver strike and some of their cash.
It was a winning evening!
I like the free parking with validation in their garage.
Fletcher Canyon is an easy/moderate hike at Mount Charleston that is great to do in late spring when the snow is melting and coming down the canyon.
This hike is about 4 miles round trip with only about 600 foot elevation gain.
The trailhead is along SR 157, Kyle Canyon Road, about 5 miles before the end of the road at the lodge.
There is adequate parking on the south side of the road, but this fills up fast on Saturday and Sunday, so if you're going to try this hike, get there early.
The trail at the beginning is wide but it turns west into the canyon and it narrows.
This is a pinyon and ponderosa pine area.
After a short walk, you drop into the creek bed (this part is generally dry) and you continue up the canyon.
The trail crosses the stream several times.
If you hike this when there is water coming down from melting snow, you may have to walk in a higher area or just plan to get your boots wet.
There's is a spring, and there's usually some water flowing here, but it's not enough to be a bother.
After a mile and a quarter, the canyon narrows as you approach the end of the trail.
Some of the side walls are 200 feet tall and it's often very cool in this area.
You eventually get to Obstacle Rock.
This is the place to do a bit of exploring and to have a snack before hiking back.
There's a way to get beyond this giant boulder, but it's a lot easier coming down from above than trying to climb up the slippery rock.
Retrace your steps to the car.
This is a hike you'll want to do more than once.
It's quite interesting to do this when there's snow on the trail.
I'm about ready to leave CVS and move to Savon in Albertson's.
It seems like CVS has hired from the bottom of the barrel.
Waiting for a counter critter to get to you while the critter waits for a pharmacist to fill a prescription rather than wait on people in line.
Every now and then you find a staff member who is a pearl.
But, the oyster farm at CVS is not very pearl friendly.
And, they disabled Apple Pay.
This is a difficult five mile round trip hike within the Scenic Drive at Red Rock Canyon.
There is a 2,000 foot elevation gain over 2.5 miles.
This hike should only be attempted by experienced hikers.
You need hiking boots and a backpack with water and perhaps a snack or some protein bars.
All that being said, the payoff of the view when you get to the peak is worth the work and pain of getting there.
The trailhead is at the Sandstone Quarry parking area, the 3rd parking area along the Scenic Drive.
From the west end of the parking lot, walk past the red and white sandstone that was left when the quarry closed in 1913, I think.
There's evidence of their activity, and there are some interpretive markers to explain how they cut the stone and why they went bankrupt.
The trail goes through a wash and then continues west.
You come to a junction.
To the right is the Calico Tanks trail.
You need to go straight.
Both trails are marked at the junction, about the last trail marker for Turtlehead.
From then you start gaining elevation, slowly at first, and then more extreme.
Eventually you reach the end of the sandstone formation and the trail cuts north.
Now the going gets tougher.
There are switchbacks to help with the elevation gain.
In places, the gravel is quite loose--an excellent reason for wearing hiking boots.
At this point, take a look up to the saddle to the left of Turtlehead.
That's your first goal.
There are two large boulders near the saddle and you should aim for them.
There are a number of spider trails, but if you stay to the middle trails or slightly right, and keep going up, you're doing the right thing.
The area gets very steep in places.
The first time I hiked this, I stopped to catch my breath, and I started sliding backwards standing still.
I never thought I'd make it, but I pressed on after a break.
Eventually, you reach the saddle, and you have payoff number one.
The view into Brownstone Canyon is simply awesome.
The sandstone colors are truly beautiful and you feel almost on top of the world.
But you're not--that's about to come.
At the saddle, the trail goes right.
This is the route up the back slope of Turtlehead that leads to the summit.
Just like coming up the chute to the saddle, there are a number of trails that hikers have made.
If you stay to the right, nearer to the edge, you will be taking the faster route, but I think it's a bit harder.
Finally, you get to the summit and you are on top of your world.
The 360 degree view is tremendous.
Far off, you can see the Las Vegas Strip, and as you pivot, you look across Red Rock Canyon and see the tiny Scenic Drive.
You can also see all the washes that run through the NCA.
To the west, you have views of the Spring Mountains and Griffith Peak at Mount Charleston.
Take the time to relax, sign the log book in an ammo box in some rocks near the highest point, have a snack, and take lots of photos.
The peak is very large, so there's plenty of room there.
To get back to the car, go down one of the trails from the summit keeping your eye out for those  large boulders near the saddle.
When you get there, you'll see where the trail descends.
Take the downward part of the hike easy.
This is very difficult, and sliding and falling is a distinct possibility.
At the base of the chute, start breathing again, and get ready to have a big smile because you're almost done with your conquering of Turtlehead.
Just over a mile to go the the parking area!
Congratulations!!
Happy hiking!
Our hiking group stopped here for dim sum to celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival a bit early.
There were seven of us, and we were seated at a large table by the large glass windows.
Service was excellent.
Since one of the group is a native Taiwanese, she does the selecting and ordering.
We had an array of food - shrimp dumplings, duck on peanuts, a noodle dish, meatballs, excellent fried shrimp, a tasty vegetable dish, pork buns, and some excellent sesame balls with different fillings.
We have made it a tradition to come here twice a year (at least) to have this lunch, and we have always been pleased.
I look forward to it each time.
PS:  I think there was a fellow Yelper at the restaurant.
IF you read this review, I apologize for my uncertainty and not recognizing you.
Review for casino only:

I haven't been to Sam's Town for about 3 years.
We went today to meet some friends for dinner.
First some video poker.
There was a fairly standard Boyd Casinos mix of games.
The casino was not overly chilled with air conditioning but was rather pleasant.
While not a comment about the facility, I don't think I've seen so many people with walkers and canes in one place as I did at Sam's Town.
It's the nature of a locals' casino that caters to retirees.
I stopped here yesterday on the way back from Caliente.
This Love's opened a little more than a year ago, and it's an easy on/off from the freeway.
There is plenty of parking space in front for cars and in the back for trucks.
Gas prices are higher than some places, but they don't gouge you like some freeway gas stations.
The store is fully stocked with snacks, drinks, and all kinds of travel needs.
There's a sub shop and a pizza shop in the mart.
Restrooms are clean (I assume the women's room is).
This is but one more option when the needle on the gauge is getting into that uncharted territory you'd rather not explore.
It's also a sight for sore eyes when your bladder is that uncomfortable zone and you're not sure you'll be safe until you get to a Starbuck's.
I wanted to try something different for breakfast after an appointment and before I went to give blood.
I've been meaning to try the TPC Grille for awhile but it never comes to mind when I'm out and about.
Today was different.
The other TPC course in our area is a private course, so this is where I headed today.
I got the Southwestern Eggs Benedict which according to the menu consists of roasted corn cakes, chorizo, fried eggs, chile cheddar cheese, pico, green onion, avocado, and breakfast potatoes.
In today's case, it was missing pico and avocado, but it was very good nonetheless.
I really enjoyed the flavor of the corn cakes and I liked the different take on Eggs Benedict by going with the corn cakes instead of an English muffin.
The corn cakes were very tasty!
Service was excellent.
I sat at the bar and Theresa was the server.
She was a very pleasant woman and very efficient.
It was nice chatting with her about breakfast places and it was so nice looking out the windows at the view of the mountains on the west side of town.
The dining room is relatively small, but they have a nice outdoor seating area.
I'll have to come back when I can sit on the patio.
Right now, it's just too cold.
This was a very pleasant experience and I'm glad I came here.
I was in the area recently and I had learned from fellow Yelpers about the bacon, chocolate bar, so I had to give it a try.
Had I read Yelp first and specifically Misti's review, I would have known Vosges was on the first floor of the newer area of the Forum Shops.
Up to the top and then the circular escalators down to the first floor.
It certainly is out there.
I bought one Mo's Dark Bacon Bar at $7.50.
Yes, that certainly is pricey.
While the bar tastes very nice, rich dark chocolate flavor with a somewhat salty taste from the bacon bits in the chocolate.
It's something I'll enjoy one chocolate square at a time.
The bar is also available in milk chocolate.
For those venturing here, the best way to get to this area is to park at valet.
Vosges is next to Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak and Stone Crab Restaurant.
Happy chocolate hunting!
My visit to Specialty Surgery Center was as pleasant as it could be under the circumstances.
I was there to have a cataract removed and this is where my doctor operates.
This is a sister property to the Las Vegas Surgery Center near Charleston and Rancho.
After signing in just before 7 AM, I waited for about 5 minutes when my name was called and I was shown to my prep area.
All the standard things were done by a very nice nurse who was very easy going and efficient.
The rooms were spotless and everyone was looking out for my needs.
I shortly met the nurse for the operation and then the anesthesiologist came by to introduce himself.
After vitals were taken and the line was put in my wrist, I was wheeled to the room where the operation took place.
Since my head was taped to its resting block, I couldn't tell you what it look like except for the stunningly bright lights above.
A half hour later, I was wheeled to recovery where I hopped off the bed and sat in a chair until my ride came.
Everyone at the Specialty Surgery Center was polite, friendly, and competent people.
I imagine I'll be seeing them in a few months for the other eye.
I won't mind going and I won't be as apprehensive as I was this morning.
This review is for the theatre only:

I came here last night for a benefit performance of Rick Thomas and Esteban for the Make A Wish Foundation.
The stage is quite large which makes a large production very easy here.
While neither Thomas nor Esteban have such a large production, they make the space work.
The theatre itself is wide but there aren't many rows.
Unless you sit in the balcony, which is generally closed off, you'll have a good view wherever you sit.
My seat was in the first row, stage right, and I had an excellent seat even though I was off to one side of the stage.
No one was in front of me and I could stretch out without worrying about my feet.
After my dinner at a nearby Chinese restaurant, I checked Yelp for nearby ice cream shops and I chose this place.
I have driven by it numerous times, I probably have noticed it, but it never clicked in my head to stop.
This small trailer is in the corner of the convenience mart at the southwest corner of DI and Valley View.
There is little parking near the trailer itself, so I parked along the north side of the mart.
I walked over and looked at the flavors and the man showed me two sizes of cups.
You could have up to three flavors in the smaller size I chose which had to be equivalent to a pint.
I chose coconut and banana.
There was a $2 off Yelp check in offer which the man was surprised was still available on Yelp but he honored it making my ice cream $8.
That's pricey for a pint but it is quality, locally made ice cream.
The ice cream maker on display moves and it looks like ice cream is being frozen but it isn't making ice cream.
The gentleman told me the health department won't allow that to make ice cream but they have two others off site where the ice cream is made.
I took my cup back to my car and enjoyed the ice cream.
Both flavors were very good with rich flavor.
I won't be stopping here often as I'm usually going by to get to some place I need to be.
I also am not a fan of eating in my car.
I like sit down places more, but this is good stuff!
I met five friends from out of town here for lunch.
Pho Sing Sing was chosen based on the Yelp reviews.
I ordered the spicy beef satay with rice noodles.
The pho broth was good but it didn't live up to its spicy descriptor.
I added a fair amount of Sriracha but that only added some spiciness to the dish.
I enjoyed the peanuts and sesame in the pho.
One of the people in my group said she tasted MSG the rest of the day.
I couldn't discern that but she knows better than me.
With the number of pho places, this would not be my first choice in the future.
I went here last night to attend the show Stars in Concert.
I had been to this theatre about 7 years ago for another show.
The theatre has been changed some since that time and the changes are good.
This venue is really a great, smaller venue.
There are about 40 round tables on the floor each seating 4 people.
In addition, there are 5 rows of theatre style seats in the back.
I sat in the first row here, and it was very comfortable and I had great sight lines.
Again, it's a small venue so you can see well wherever you are.
The theatre has good sound and the lighting was well done for the show.
There's a lounge area with bar before you enter the theatre so if you're early, you can have a drink and relax.
Seating was done promptly 15 minutes before show time.
The employees I came into contact with last night were all very pleasant with great smiles and were very helpful from ticketing to seating.
The only drawback may be finding the place the first time you go there.
You need to remember you enter a small alley just north of Walgreens and before McDonalds.
Parking is available behind the theatre and it's a short distance down this alley.
A word about the show.
I came to see Stars in Concert which is in its first week at this theatre.
The show was very good.
Rotating impersonators sing live music of famous people.
There was a 4 piece band on a platform raised above the stage.
Last night, there were impersonators of Tina Turner, Michael Jackson, Elton John, Beyonce, Whitney Houston, and the Soul Brothers.
All music is live.
There is no lip syncing!
Not a bad show at all.
I'll be back for another show which goes on earlier.
I saw Lion King for the 2nd time in Las Vegas tonight.
It was a KNPR benefit and the seat was good at a great price--all to benefit KNPR.
I remember being wowed by this show when I first saw it on Broadway.
I am delighted that the Las Vegas production is the same as the original without being dumbed down for visitors who need to get back to the tables or to their drinking.
Having an intermission is such a great theatre tradition and intact for this show.
The costumes, acting, singing, and musicians are fantastic.
The placement of some percussion players on both side walls gave a stereo affect several times.
I didn't give the show 5 stars because I think there are sections that could be tightened up to move the story along.
This is a problem with the script, not the Las Vegas production.
I'll see the show again before it ends its Las Vegas run.
I had breakfast at Harry's before watching the Dragon Boat races at Lake Las Vegas this morning.
The breakfast menu is somewhat limited.
I decided to get Harry's Frittata.
On their menu, they describe it as "a hearty wedge of Italian omelet topped with chicken, mushrooms, onions, peppers and rosemary."
The description fits well.
The frittata was cooked nicely and the toppings all tasted good.
It came with hash browns and choice of toast.
I also ordered coffee.
Service was prompt and friendly.
Courtney was very pleasant and efficient.
I enjoyed the breakfast.
It was nice coming back after so many years of being away and the casino being closed.
What a disappointment!
With all the great things said about this place by people's whose reviews I respect, I thought it would be better than it was.
I just barely give 3 stars.
I was contemplating two and a half.
I was greeted promptly on arrival and asked if I was getting take out or eating in.
The woman told me to sit anywhere I wanted because I was eating in and she gave me their small menu.
I had seen several people rave about the curry chicken with roti so that's what I ordered.
In a short time, the cook brought out a bowl of curry chicken and a plate with three very hot, fresh roti.
The curry chicken was good but it would be better named curry potato with chicken and roti.
I had two large chunks of potato, one large cube of chicken (smaller that either of the two potato pieces), while the rest was curry sauce with some chicken shreds.
The curry was tasty and the roti were very good.
As I waited for my dinner to be brought, I noticed on their wall--which has a lot of homemade signs for new dishes--that the curry chicken was listed under appetizers.
No wonder the price is only $4.95.
No wonder the portion is much less than a curry chicken you'd get in a Thai restaurant, and for $4.95 I wasn't expecting that.
I was going to order something else, perhaps some ramen or just a pudding for dessert.
There were two customers including myself in this small place that has a maximum capacity of 68 people.
All the time I waited for my order and ate, the woman was on the phone--not taking orders--but chatting.
If she wasn't on the phone, she was putting business cards in a plastic holder in a notebook and she was engrossed with that task rather than all two of her customers--the other who ordered directly from the cook and had no interaction with the woman.
After waiting approximately five minutes for her to get off the phone or at least look my way so I could get her attention, I got up to leave.
I approached the counter and she told whomever was on the phone to hold, she took, my money, gave me change, and went back to her telephone.
I don't think I'll return.
If it's like this when they're two people there, what would it be like when they're busy--say ten people.
It's just not worth it.
And as for dessert, I drove up Spring Mountain Road and stopped at McDonald's and had a McFlurry!
Better than her pudding I'd be willing to wager even sight unseen!
I have seen Trent Carlini several times and I like the impersonation of Elvis that he does.
This show seems a little muted compared to the shows I saw a few years back.
The changes of clothes are not as dramatic as before and they take less time.
The show is in the Shimmer Showroom at the LVH and all seats are good.
We were seated at the railing of the second section and the seats were great!
Carlini has added to his act a wonderful dancer, Ashley Belle, who is a very talented dancer.
She dances during the clothes changing breaks and and she sometimes does some modern dance accompanying Carlini.
I was really taken by her smooth moves and talent!
She's a great addition to the show.
To get me to stand up and grind the hips a bit takes some doing but Carlini got all the guys in the room--for the most part--to get up and show their stuff.
I sat down pretty quickly because no one was doing the Twist.
Do they still do it?
:)

Go see Carlini.
His show is good and the showroom is terrific!
Typical CVS Pharmacy.
It's out of my neighborhood, but I went to buy some discounted Christmas items I can count on them having.
No disappointment today.
It's easy to get in and out and the parking lot is very large!
I've been going to try Mood for months, but I always just went by.
Last night, that changed.
I went to Mood for an early dinner before a show, and I'm so glad I tried it out.
I had the Rack of Lamb with mushrooms, fingerling potatoes, and chef's vegetables.
I ordered the lamb rare, and that's the way it was cooked.
The vegetables were red pepper, cherry tomatoes, and sliced carrots.
There was a sauce with the mushrooms that was incredibly good.
They served a coarse textured bread with onion and the butter pats were in this nifty dish covered by a small dome.
Of course, one can't leave without dessert, so I had the Chocolate Thunder described on the menu as "...layers of fudge, cake, and chocolate chips."
It was a great finish to this fine meal.
My server was Todd.
He was attentive and came by and asked about a refill for my iced tea.
Everything about the dinner was great.
Because preparation took some time, he came and notified me that the dinner would be ready shortly.
Mood is in the Artisan Hotel along the 15, and the atmosphere is worth a trip here.
The room is dark as is the entrance from the valet area.
I took some time after I left Mood to walk around and see some of the art on the walls in the hotel and lounge area.
This was a great meal and I'll be back.
4.5 stars

Today was the first time I bought poke at a store.
Until now, I only had poke when I ate out.
All three of the varieties I bought - wasabi ahi poke, garlic style shrimp poke, and kimchee style poke were excellent!
What a great dinner!!
The staff was very, very pleasant and the young woman who got my order gave me a garlic shrimp to try.
It convinced me to split my 1/2 pound shrimp order into two types.
The price is very reasonable.
Now if it wasn't so far from where I live, I'd stop more often.
Ever think of opening a Summerlin Poke Express?
I've been here a couple of times and it seems like there's something wrong each time except this last visit.
One time, Apple Pay wasn't working except on one terminal that was closed.
Another time, they were out of the ingredients for the shake I stopped for--the Shamrock Shake.
This time, everything, was in order.
They made the shake, I paid with Apple Pay, and the counter critter was personable.
The only thing that would raise my rating would be to have a better in and out.
I don't do drive through and I find because of the way the McDonald's part of the building is situated, the parking is atrocious especially when you have to cross the drive through lane to walk there.
*** This review is for the performance section of the Scullery only ***

Thanks to Ty W. and his excellent review, I was able to go from the Neonopolis garage directly to the Scullery for my first screening of the Las Vegas Film Festival.
I think the room sign says 79 people capacity if I rememebr correctly.
For the film festival, they have plush sofas in the front reserved for film makers and other VIPs.
They then have several rows of standard metal chairs--not folding ones--for the audience.
There was some difficulty with the sound last night and the movie had to be restarted and they still tinkered with it after the movie was going.
Also, there were only a handful at this screening so we were told to move up.
The sofa seats are quite comfortable.
It's good the movie was good.
I could have been asleep easily with the comfort I enjoyed.
The room has another entrance, but access was controlled for the public through the Scullery's main entrance at 6th and Ogden.
When leaving to go to the Inspire Theatre for the next screening, the narrow aisle by the booths and the people standing, talking, and drinking in the bar area made for some fine people dodging to get to the next venue two blocks away.
It's an OK venue but not one you'd write home about.
I came to the Boulder City Municipal Airport for a Grand Canyon sightseeing trip with Papillon.
This was the first time I was here and I was impressed.
Greeted at the door, I was then shown to a place to check in for my flight.
I then waited in a comfortable chair with a wonderful view out the windows to the tarmac.
It was wonderful watching the helicopters taking off and landing as well as the prop planes going to the Grand Canyon Airport.
The facility is modern and clean.
The bathroom was also clean and everything appeared to be rather new.
The only thing was the sound.
When names were called, it was difficult to understand the names being called.
At my appointed time, I got near the gate and I heard the pilot call my name without the microphone.
I was soon on the tarmac looking back.
Impressive airport and terminal.
I came to the WInchester Park and Cultural Center last night to see a performance of Leonard Bernstein's "Trouble In Tahiti" opera.
There is plenty of parking in front of the Cultural Center and the walkway goes from two areas of the parking lot to the entrance.
Once inside, the theatre is to the right.
In the hallway before the doors, there's a small art gallery space that has exhibitions.
I was early so I took some time to check it out last night.
A strange display is there now.
The theatre opened and since it was open seating, I could sit either on chairs on the floor arranged in am semi-circle facing the stage or I could sit on one of the theatre style chairs in the rear section.
I opted for the rear section.
It's a proscenium stage that appears to be fairly large.
For last night's show, the small group playing music were in an area in front of the stage.
The bass stuck up high enough sometimes that for a moment or two, one of the characters was blocked by the bass.
I could have moved but it wasn't necessary.
The theatre has a good set of lights for the productions done here and the seating was comfortable.
I am so glad that the Clark County added performance spaces to many of the parks and recreation areas.
This adds to the places where our talented people can perform be it a play, a musical, or an opera.
I'll be back in May for their last opera of the season.
The food was excellent, the service less so hence only 3 stars.
I ordered the Porcini rubbed filet and my wife ordered the Lite filet.
My steak was 8 ounces and hers was 6 ounces.
Mine came with asparagus--3 spears and hers came with Fleming's potatoes.
I ordered mine black and blue and she ordered hers medium.
Both were cooked perfectly and were delicious.
I didn't taste any porcini from the porcini rub.
I thought there'd be more than 3 asparagus spears so I didn't order an extra side and the small amount of Fleming's potatoes was fine for my wife.
We were started with a nice breadbasket with two kinds of flavored butters.
I didn't overdo the bread because I wanted to enjoy the steak and to have some room for dessert.
When we ordered our meal, the server informed us they needed 10 minutes to prepare the chocolate lava cake if we opted for that for dessert.
Part way through our meal, the server stopped by and asked if she should put in an order for the lava cake.
I thought it was a bit early, and should have declined at that time, but instead I trusted her knowledge.
I am a fast eater, my wife is a tortoise.
Another server brought the dessert to the table just as my wife put down her fork from her meal.
When this other person saw the table hadn't yet been cleared, she took the cake back to the kitchen and placed it on a shelf.
She then came back and cleared the table, went back to the kitchen, and returned with the dessert with its now melting ice cream.
Also, they failed the sweetener packet test miserably!
When you're paying as much for your meal as you do at Fleming's, you expect good if not excellent service.
This simply wasn't good service.
I would give this place a 2 star rating based on just the service, but the steaks were so good I raised it to three.
It was OK if not A--OK.  

With all the good steakhouses in this city, I won't be returning even though it's close to where I live.
I sometimes stop at this Smith's when I'm in the general area.
I find this to be one of the best stocked stores that Smith's has in the area.
The staff is generally very competent.
I went here today for some quick pick up of items, and I ended up getting more than I planned because they are now stocking a kind of cheese I love.
I was in the general area and stopped here for breakfast.
This has been a bookmark for over a year and now I have one less.
I felt guilty taking up a four top dining alone but this is a relatively small place with no counter and no two tops.
I was brought coffee quickly.
They offer you Half and Half in flavors but since I drink my coffee black, that's nice to have available but it doesn't affect me.
I ordered the Wisconsin Omelette with rye toast and batter bites for my potato.
The omelette was OK but all I saw and tasted was some sliced cheddar like I'd buy in a big bag at any grocery.
There was no pepper jack nor Swiss cheese that I could discern.
Had I read the menu a little more carefully, I wouldn't have been disappointed by the batter bites.
Look at the words and what do you think?
The batter bites were in fact home fries.
There's no batter to them.
The menu describes them as fried seasoned potatoes.
I was thinking of something more in the tater tot line but that was not the case.
My coffee was refilled without asking and there were always servers going around asking about refills.
I hurried to finish because the place was getting busy again and I wanted to let someone with a larger party have the table.
An OK place but not a return to place.
It's out of the way for me and just not worth it.
Batter bites?
That's going to bother me for some time to come.
Five of us got together last night to try the  evening six course menu plus dessert.
He had been offering only lunch for a few months and now opens for dinner only.
As many others have pointed out, the restaurant is very small.
There are four tables--two can seat up to 6 people and two can seat just two diners--making a maximum of 16 at any time.
The evening began with our server bringing drinks.
We all had iced tea save one who had bottled water.
Both green and black teas are served.
Course 1 -- Our Sakizuke or amuse-bouche was salmon roe and mushroom with grated daikon and ponzu sauce.
Course 2 -- Our Zensai consisted of sweet shrimp tartar, celeriac purée, and tomato sorbet.
Course 3 -- The Mushimono course was steamed scallop, mozzarella and grated turnip, and brown sauce.
Course 4 -- The Sashimi course consisted of varieties of fresh fish from Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo served in a large bowl.
Course 5 -- The Sumiyaki was overnight charcoal grilled white fish with truffle soy sauce and served on a round bed of rice.
Course 6 -- For Teppan, we had our choice of grilled wagyu or grilled Kobe (up charge of $80 for the Kobe).
The steak was served with roasted onion and wasabi mashed potatoes.
For dessert, we were brought a large round platter with various desserts including delicately peeled grapes to look like flower petals, mochi strawberries, blueberries, green tea tiramisu and other delights.
The meal was very good, paced nicely, and with the classic Japanese attention to detail in plating and choice of service dishes.
Some of the highlights for me were: the rice served with the white fish was absolutely delicious; the tomato sorbet with the sweet shrimp was another winner;  finally, the steak and wasabi potatoes were very good.
Portions are small for American habits.
It was a relaxing dinner with good food and lots of great conversation.
It's 9 PM and it's 92 degrees out and I'm on my way home from a show.
What to do?
Well, a left turn off Spring Mountain Road and then a quick right into CJ's lot and I had solved the problem of cooling off.
I had read the Yelp reviews and I decided to give the place a try.
So many choices.
I found out that all the flavors of custard are made by flavoring vanilla custard with what you choose.
I opted for black raspberry.
It turned out that was one of the flavors "on tap" last night.
I went with that.
She asked me if I wanted any toppings.
I asked if they had any fruit.
She checked the cooler and showed me a container of fresh black raspberries.
That was fine with me so she added several raspberries to finish off the delight.
I sat inside although it would have been pleasant outside.
I just didn't want to spend time listening to some overly active and loud children while I enjoyed my custard.
The custard was great!
Now that I know how the gelati, concrete, and custards are made, I'll be stopping in again.
What a great place to stop when I'm coming back from a play in Chinatown.
I saw this show during the preview period before it's official opening and it was not good at all.
Angel's illusions were only so so.
The Cirque performers seemed almost lethargic.
The evening started off with a down note for the audience because all cell phones had to be checked.
I don't know what fantastic secret we'd learn and pass on, but it was a pain and it was a zoo after the show.
I hope they have ended this stupidity.
The two women who sat next to me loved the show and gave Angel a standing ovation at the end.
He's just not that good.
This was the first show for which the phrase Cirque du so lame made sense!
I went to the ATM this morning.
The place was quiet--Sundays are always good for that.
I don't go to this branch very often unless it's right where I'm going.
There are other Wells Fargo branches that have better parking and ingress and egress.
Since I was on my bike at the drive through, it was an easy in and out today.
I've wanted to go to the Greek Festival for several years but I didn't want to buck the crowds that attend the event.
Some of my hiking friends explained you have to go early when they open and you can park right on the street.
Plans were made and I met them there.
They were correct.
I was able to angle park less than 1/2 block from the entrance.
Once inside, we looked at the stalls filled with crafts, food, and all the great looking pastries that the parishioners make and sell at the festival.
We meandered around looking at the different food options before making our way to a tent in the back so we could be out of the sun in the 90+ degree weather.
Two of us went to the gyro tent nearby and got that for our food.
It was quite good and the Greek fries were good for me.
They were quite salty--good for me--but I'm sure they'd bother some people.
While we were talking and trying to be heard, there were a number of singers and the amplifiers were kicked up to 9 on a scale of 1 to 5.
The music could be heard blocks away, I'm sure and it made it difficult to have a conversation but it added to the festivals attendees who knew the music and enjoyed it.
It wasn't bad--just too loud.
I'll do this every year now that I know the secret!
I was going to a program and eating out so I had to get a quick meal for my wife at home.
Subway--about a mile away.
It's been a long while since I was here.
I ordered the BMT for her on Italian herbs and cheese bread.
I had them add a small amount of lettuce, tomatoes, and some red onion and mayo.
That was it.
I was done and even though they had a large order ahead of me, I was in and out pretty quickly.
The price was right and I was off the hook for cooking something.
I'm happy to report my wife thought the sandwich was very good and she'd like to go to Subway now and then instead of the other place we've been going that has a red truck theme.
Near the end of a long bicycle ride, I stopped here for breakfast.
I was immediately drawn to their seasonal menu because I saw pumpkin--multi grain pumpkin nut pancakes.
After looking at the choices, I asked by server, Trina, if I could get just the pancakes.
I really didn't want eggs and ham or bacon in addition to the pancakes.
"Of course," was her answer and she placed my order immediately.
I sat at the small counter at the rear of the restaurant in what is almost a private dining room.
Trina brought me coffee quickly and she refilled my cup often.
The pumpkin nut pancakes were great and the pumpkin chiffon served on top in lieu of syrup should be renamed pumpkin crack.
It is delicious.
My breakfast here was tasty, service was excellent, and I'd stop in again if I were in the neighborhood more often.
I didn't stay at the Golden Nugget.
I stopped there to drop off a couple of bags with the bell desk that friends from Great BRitain leave with us when they go back to Europe.
They were coming in the day I was leaving, so I called and asked about checking their bags so they were there for them when they arrived.
The bell desk woman was very pleasant on the phone and just as pleasant in person.
They took the bags, stored them, and my friends collected them when they arrived Tuesday night.
Pan Asian stays 5 stars for me.
I went back tonight.
It's amazing that the owners could remember me and what I ordered from one visit over a month ago.
I ordered Red Curry chicken with spice level of 8 and it was excellent.
My wife had the Garlic Pepper Sauce with chicken and she enjoyed it immensely.
We shared wonton soup for a starter and we also somewhat shared dessert--tempura cheesecake.
It was rich and oh so flavorful and David promised low in calories.
:-)

This is a special place with owners who are just so pleasant!
We stopped here on the way back from a cruise on Lake Mead.
I ordered the Dillinger burger and my wife ordered the special of the day--a burger with swiss cheese and mushrooms.
The burgers come with fries so there was no need to order a side of them.
We also got two iced teas.
I ordered my burger rare and that's the way it came.
The Dillinger is topped with applewood bacon, cheddar, and brisket.
The burger was good but some of the flavor got lost with the brisket.
I guess I'm going to go back to being more of a purist when it comes to burgers.
Adding a lot of toppings to make your burgers different from other restaurants is getting a little carried away.
My wife's burger was cooked medium as she wanted and there was lettuce and tomato for on the burger or for eating as a side which was what I did.
No more on top with the Dillinger.
For dessert, we shared a peach bread pudding with some vanilla ice cream.
It was tasty but nothing special.
Service was OK.  My iced tea was refilled several times without needing to ask.
The atmosphere is interesting with its Dillinger theme--a large photo of whom graces the bar area.
An OK place.
It's been a couple of years since we've been here and we wanted to do something different.
Dinner comes with fideo soup, rice, beans, and choice of corn or flour tortillas.
My wife had the chicken Celestina, a chicken breast with black and green olives, and almond slices cooked in garlic, lime and wine.
I had the chicken Rebeca, also a chicken breast but with cooked with fresh cactus strips, onions, cilantro, and cubed tomatoes with a bit of chopped jalapeño.
We both enjoyed our dishes.
I was surprised that my wife liked the almond in her dish.
She's generally been averse to such additions to food.
Imagine my surprise!
I enjoyed the cactus with my chicken.
Both dishes had good flavors of fresh ingredients.
For dessert, we had their chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream.
It was more than enough for two people.
The cake was a round shaped and was filled with a liquid chocolate and was much like a lava cake.
The ice cream had caramel drizzled on top.
I'm not sure why we don't come here more often.
It's close to home and it's very good.
Service was excellent!
I have been to the Grand Lux for dinner 4 times - twice here and twice at the Palazzo.
All 4 times, I've had the crispy caramel chicken.
It's an excellent dish with good tasting, deep fried battered chicken with a caramel glaze.
The glaze is a bit on the sweet side, but I like it.
Last night, I stayed true to form and ordered that.
I had a choice of brown or white rice and I went with the brown.
DInner was very good.
My wife had the Madeira chicken.
It was served with very creamy, good tasting mashed potatoes.
We shared a piece of chocolate cake for dessert.
It was huge.
Service was a bit slow last night, but we got here at the height of the busy time with people wanting to have dinner before going to see Phantom as was the case with us.
We had plenty of time and I didn't obsess with the time factor because I knew we were good.
Our server boxed our leftovers--dinner tonight--and brought it back quickly.
I had time to walk it to the car in the garage and put it in the cooler I brought anticipating a take out box or boxes.
I wish they had more large small plates on their menu.
Or if they would just downsize any of their meals for a downsized price.
My only complaint with Grand Lux is the level of the music.
It was not on when we first arrived.
10 minutes later, someone must have realized and they fired up the sound system.
At one point, it was so loud, I had to almost yell for my wife to hear me.
It got so bad, I downloaded an app for my iPhone and the decibel level averaged about 85 all the time we were there.
At times it spiked in the 90s and near 100.
That's just too loud!!
Turn it down!
The Suncoast Showroom is one of the "classic" Las Vegas showrooms with tables seating 6 or 8 people 3 or 4 on each side.
There are also a number of booths that seat 4 at the back of each Tier.
The showroom is sectioned into three Tiers.
More expensive seats are in Tier I and the cheaper seats are in Tier 3.
Since the showroom seats about 500 people, there really isn't a seat that's bad.
There are some seats that are more uncomfortable.
I generally go to the box office and buy a ticket for a seat that's at the railing of a Tier 3 table.
That way, there is no one's head in front of me to inhibit my view.
Seating like this can be tight as the chairs are close together, but at most shows, the people around you move the chairs and all get to be a bit more comfortable.
The shows at the Suncoast tend to be entertainers who are older or who aren't as well known as some entertainers.
I have seen 23 shows in this room over the years, and while I like theatre seating better, the Suncoast is close to home and offers a good mix of entertainment from gray hairs like me.
I needed to male a quick stop for a drink before going to a show late last night.
I stopped here, and it was quick and easy.
i was in an out in no time at all.
Very efficient staff.
It was 11:15 PM, so there weren't many customers.
Still service was great!
Three of us came here recently after dinner plans at a nearby restaurant fell through.
We had the following:

Small plain hummus served with pita
Small babaganoush with pita
Side falafel
Side gyro meat with pita bread
Greek trio à la carte
Baklava
Rice pudding

The hummus was good but was surpassed by the babaganoush.
I liked the thickness of the babaganoush.
I thought the pita was mediocre.
The side of gyro meat was my other favorite of the night--not counting dessert.
There was a $.50 charge for the pita that we ordered with the meat.
The  meat was tender and flavored nicely.
The Greek trio was good with the mousaka being the stand out.
Both desserts were very good.
I liked that the baklava was not drenched in honey and nuts as many places do and the rice pudding was quite good.
Prices were good for the meal.
I went to the Four Seasons today to see their Christmas gingerbread house display.
I most likely will never stay here so I took the opportunity to check our Charlie Palmer's Steakhouse menu, the Verandah menu, and to take a tour of the pool area and the hotel lobby.
Since it's not pool weather, there's no problem getting out to see the pool.
The hotel is stunning.
You can see the attention to detail in almost everything they do.
I was not going the right way when I entered the hotel from Mandalay Bay.
I asked an employee and he told me how to get downstairs to the lobby to see the display.
This is a nice excuse, if one ever needed one, to go check out the Four Seasons and see it.
This is one of my favorite hikes.
It's moderately strenuous at just over 6 miles.
I refer to it as a triple treat hike because there are three distinct features to see on this hike.
To get to the trailhead, take the new O'Callaghan-Tillman Memorial Bridge near Hoover Dam and go south in Arizona to Mile Marker 4 on US 93.
There is a left turn lane that crosses the northbound lanes and heads to a new blacktop road that goes up a hill and to a new large parking area.
For those familiar with the Arizona Hot Springs hike, this is the new parking for that hike, too, as the new road has closed the old parking area.
From the parking lot, head downhill into the wash.  To get into the wash, follow the use trail that begins just past the interpretive markers at the end of the parking lot.
After going down this path from the parking lot, make sure you go under the double set of bridges and follow the wash west for about 9/10 of a mile.
This is where you make a right turn and head north out of this wash.
There is a small cairn along the wash that is easy to miss.
Hike up a small hill and you'll be in a small canyon that heads north.
You pick up the trail easily here, and follow it for about 1/4 mile.
Along the way, you'll find a very large cairn with a wooden stake.
After this cairn, as you travel north, pay attention because the trail will leave this wash and head up a hill to an old mining road.
You can see the stacked stones from when it was a road.
At this road, turn left and follow the road.
It eventually makes a curve near an old mine prospect which didn't get dug very much.
There's another set of nice stonework along the road as you go up the hill.
Continue along the road and you'll start to see debris from the mining that took place at a nearby manganese mine.
When you crest the hill and come around a curve, on a hill in front of you, there's an ore car laying on the side of the hill.
The old manganese mine is in the wash below this car on the other side of the ridge.
Keep to the left at any trails you see.
These spider trails just go to overlooks and a couple are dangerous, because a fall could land you 50 feet below in the old mine.
The trail to the left goes over some jagged rock and then starts down the other side.
Soon you come to a fork in the trail.
If you want to investigate the mine (this is one I will tell you is safe to enter), it will add about 1/2 mile to your total hike.
There are some rails in the dirt floor of the mine and several air holes are cut in the sturdy rock.
To continue the hike, return to the fork and turn right.
The mine is treat #1.
The left fork continues down the hill and enters the wash.
Periodically it will leave the wash and then come back in.
At about two miles from the trailhead, or about 2.5 miles if you went to the mine, the trail comes out of the wash and heads west up a hill to a saddle.
In front of you, Liberty Bell Arch can be seen.
The best photos come from the south but feel free to take all you want wherever you are on the hike.
At the saddle, make a left turn, and head southwest following the trail.
You're going up another hill until you're almost in line with the arch.
Near the arch, the trail cuts south and as you pass the arch and then look back, this is where you get the best view of the result of a natural erosion process.
This is treat #2.
Continue following the trail south.
You hike past a field that has some enormous boulders that are amazing to see.
At one time, they broke off the hill above and rolled here.
The trail is very evident here as it is well traveled.
The footing can be bad because the rocks can be sharp.
Take care as you hike along.
Eventually, you'll go around the side of a hill and the view of Liberty Bell Arch is gone until you return.
From here, there are about 4 ridges to go up and over.
Stop as needed and get your breath.
Make sure you've brought enough water with you--you should be using a Camelbak for a hike like this.
When you get to the last ridge, you come up on a mesa and below you to your left is treat #3, a view of the Colorado River about 1,000 feet below as it winds toward Willow Beach in Arizona.
When you arrive on the mesa, the trail goes near the edge so you can get great views of the Colorado.
It is truly beautiful up here.
Explore the mesa, look north and see the bypass bridge, and stop and sit on one of the rocks for a snack.
When you're done enjoying the mesa, retrace your steps.
THe toughest part now will be coming back up the wash to the car from the Liberty Bell Arch turnoff.
It always seems so tough to get that last mile done with gravel under foot.
I have done this hike about 7 times, twice from the new trailhead, and it truly is a treat!
I have posted on EveryTrail the explanation and GPS coordinates from my last hike.
We passed the turnoff to Liberty Bell, so don't follow me there but turn where the waypoint is.
The link is http://www.everytrail.com/view_trip.php?trip_id=904927


Happy hiking!
I went here last night to see the Shakespeare play Twelfth  Night.
The ticket for the show allowed free admission to the museum.
Some of the things were interesting, but I didn't have a lot of time.
What I did see was OK, but there was nothing earth shattering.
I really agree with Julie S.' review.
She nails it well.
I stopped here after breakfast this morning following a hike at Mount Charleston.
I've been here numerous times in the past, but today was the first in a fairly long time.
Service was quick and pleasant.
When I'm in the area, I won't hesitate to come here.
I had to check this place out today after watching a few episodes on the History Channel..
There's some interesting stuff.
The Iwo Jima drawings, secret drawings from World War II, are not for sale.
The parking lot had a lot of spaces available.
There were a lot of cabs there waiting for tourists who came to see their piece of TV, too.
There was no one from the show in the shop, but I did recognize some items on sale that I saw on recent shows.
The place is an amazing slice of Americana.
It's a place you shouldn't miss if you have the chance.
I am upping my review to 5 stars.
I recently made my second stop here and got pasties for 2 dinners.
We had some that night and I froze the other two for a later day--today in fact--when I needed to have a good dinner done quickly.
After volunteering for the National Park Service for 10 hours today, I came home tired and hungry.
I had taken the pasties out of the freezer, they were thawed, and in 20 minutes, I had a good dinner for the two of us.
We have now tried the Oggie, a Cottage Pie, a chicken Alfredo, and a peppered steak.
Tonight's peppered steak had sirloin pieces, leeks, zucchini, and Stilton cheese.
The sauce was excellent.
My wife enjoyed her chicken Alfredo.
The staff was super when I was there and I know this place will be on my stopping list often!
I have seen Rod Stewart 3 times, once at the MGM Grand Garden and now twice at the Colosseum at Caesars Palace.
The show is fantastic and the venue is too!
When he was many years younger, Stewart told an interviewer from Rolling Stone Magazine that he didn't intend to become a parody of himself by singing "Do You Think I'm Sexy" when he was fifty years old.
Now the 68 year old Stewart, as of January, closes his show with just that song and there's a mention of the interview on the LCD panel above.
And, many of the women of all ages think he is.
The show, as another reviewer stated, starts promptly at 7:30.
If you come later, you'll be missing something so plan ahead.
Stewart changes his show a bit now and then by singing some of the songs from the album he released earlier in 2013.
Last night, he did one song from the new album.
But he did many of the standards--"Have I Told You Lately"; "The First Cut Is the Deepest"; "Rhythm of My Heart"; "Forever Young"; and "Hot Legs" to name a few.
The only gem I wish he'd do in the show would be "If Only."
I really love that song.
Stewart is a very active performer moving to all areas of the large stage and through the audience as he's backed up by a superb group of musicians and fine singers.
He takes full advantage of the band members' talents.
Periodically, he leaves the stage to change clothes--no, he's not as bad as Cher with clothes--but it gives the singers and band members a chance to showcase their individual and collective talents!
It also gives the 68 year old a chance to take a break.
He kicks personally signed soccer balls to the audience and you're lucky if you can get one.
He keeps the chatter to a minimum unlike some performers who have to talk forever about where a song came from, who their parents are, or even to introduce them.
The one song from the new album that he sang last night was an homage to his father and even the intro to that song was just a minimum--what it needs to be to explain it.
One note to the super fans and the younger crowd in the audience.
In case you didn't know, when you buy a ticket to the show, you get the seat, too!
At no extra cost!
Free!
Really!
Would I kid you?
You paid $250 plus fees so sit in the damn seat.
And guys, swaying your asses isn't sexy--it just means you've been hitting the sauce too much in Las Vegas.
On the other hand, there were a few cuties last night that shook their stuff and they (the women) were fine!
Other than that, except for a few songs when everyone's up and swinging, sit the hell down!
I needed to make a quick stop to buy some fresh fruit and since I was at this shopping center for a Starbuck's, I went to Vons to get the fruit.
The selection was good, I was able to check out quickly, and I was on my way.
The only slow down was the cashier trying to "hook" me on their new gas rewards like Smith's.
I took the brochure and thanked her for her information.
This isn't my normal store and it's several miles from home, so it won't be my shopping place.
I will stop in here when I'm in the neighborhood to pick up some items.
I have liked this buffet over the years and I still do.
There are better ones in the general area, but this has many items that make a visit here a treat.
Their grilled vegetables--yellow squash, eggplant, carrots, red onion, and asparagus were all very tasty and grilled just right.
I like their split crab legs and the peeled shrimp.
I have always like the Spice Market's cheese tray.
I had some nice pieces of bleu cheese this evening to enjoy with dinner.
Then I turned my attention to the Middle Eastern section where I had some lamb kebabs, chicken kebab, and hummus.
I enjoyed them all.
Finally, dessert.
For the first time at this buffet, I had their made to order crepe.
I tried the Bananas Foster.
It's semi hand made as the crepes are pre-made.
The cook heats the crepe in a pan and adds whatever filling you want from a nice selection, folds it, and puts any topping on it you want.
Service was excellent.
The server brought me a new glass of iced tea before I was finished with the one I had.
We will be back.
I came here for dinner Saturday evening with a friend.
We did the 7 course tasting menu.
I am not going to go into each course in detail.
It was the summer tasting menu on the restaurant's web page.
Suffice it to say the food was good, the company was excellent, and the view was stunning as always.
This was my 4th time to Alizé and most likely my last.
The reason for this came at the end of the meal.
When we got the bill, we noticed we were charged for the caviar course but we didn't order the posted $20 supplement for the one caviar.
When brought to the attention of our captain, she condescendingly stated that she always tells everyone that there is an additional charge for the caviar course--that it's not one of the 7 courses.
Well, this time she didn't, but she was sure she was right.
The online menu has subsequently been changed so there's little chance for confusion.
The amount was taken off the bill but she missed the point totally.
Her customer service was awful!
This was one of my favorite places to go because of the food and the view.
I can get good food elsewhere and there are other places in town with a great view and great food, too.
How's that for a "twist" in my feelings?
Adieu, Alizé.
I came here last night to see Bobby Yang and his Unrivaled Players in their only Las Vegas concert!
I'm not usually at bars but this was an exception and I had to go hear Bobby and his group.
The bar is called a dive bar and I guess you could say it is although it was a lot nicer than I was expecting and there was a lot less smoke than I thought there would be.
The place is small.
A narrow aisle past the bar to the performance area in the back is the only space to move around.
As we gathered in the back, we tended to block the entrance to the ladies room.
The bartender from whom I got my Coke was very kind and the price was right.
There were some problems with mic feedback at times, but nothing serious.
The band rocked the joint and it was great fun to see and hear a friend lead his band with his great fiddle playing!
It was a fun night and the Lounge was great.
I'd like to go back sometime and get photos of the whole Frank Bowers mural behind the bar.
Bowers was a Los Angeles mural painter who is said to have painted this mural to pay off a bar tab.
We were headed to the Silverton and I looked on Bucky's website to find a new stop.
I'm glad I picked this one.
It's right on the flight path for McCarran and my friends know I'm an airplane nut.
Sitting on the patio sipping my quad iced espresso was heaven watching the planes coming in for a landing at the airport.
Our drinks were made perfectly and there is a large patio area.
That was good yesterday because someone had the inside thermostat set for keeping meat frozen.
Damn it was cold inside.
The staff was polite and friendly and it was a good stop.
I ventured to the Container Park before dinner Saturday afternoon and ended up at JinJu Chocolates on the second floor of the west side of the park.
I have been seeing check ins but had so far not been there.
I bought three bars--Elviiiis, Park Ranger, and Sin City.
Not being able to wait, I opened the Elviiiis last night and had a few squares.
The Elviiiis is a combination of San Francisco milk chocolate, peanut butter mousse, and banana chips.
If it weren't so rich, I would have eaten more.
The high quality ingredients and the flavor make you want to savor your chocolates and not just eat it all.
The banana chip pieces in the bar were excellent texture and tasting!
I am looking forward to trying the other two bars, but I'm going to behave and dole out small quantities.
I had the chance to meet the owner, Jin, as she is a delight.
Nelson Q. explains that Jin is Korean for pearl.
She certainly is!
She has a radiant smile and a knowledge of chocolate that is amazing.
Her desire to make the very best chocolate treats comes through in everything she does.
I'll be back at the Container Park soon to see Jin again!
I have eaten here so many times I couldn't count them all.
Let's limit my review to last Sunday and this Sunday.
Last week, I had the prime rib, extra rare, and it was red.
A little too done, but I could live with red.
Tonight I had the California Cobb salad.
Nice mix of the usual suspects that make up the Cobb.
It had been awhile since I had been here prior to last Sunday.
They have redone part of the interior to break up the large expanse of tables.
Now, they have several quad booths in the main eating area.
The booths have for separate seating areas for up to 4 people - perhaps more.
It breaks up the room and gives you and sense of privacy instead of the large open area.
I have to agree with some of Kyle's comments about service.
Service has been spotty depending on the server one gets.
We had Pat, a lovely, petite Asian woman who is a competent person.
Service from other servers has been slow, and the bus staff must be the most recent dropouts from the Clark County School District.
I think our bus person tonight was such a non-entity.
I wonder how long he'll last.
I will be back.
The prices are good, and the food is good.
We decided we'd get something different for dinner and I was off to Buldogis which has been on my radar for a few months.
Driving out of Village Square one evening, I spied Buldogis so now I knew where to go.
For the two of us, I got a Smoked dog, an Angry dog, a small regular fries, and an order of Euro special fries.
I enjoyed the small amount of heat with my Angry dog.
I'd say it was more of an irritated dog than angry.
Perhaps I should have added jalapeño slices so my dog was a bit more angry.
My wife liked her Smoked dog.
The slaw and garlic mayo were very good.
The Euro fries were tasty too.
I was so glad I got things to go.
There is so much topping on the dogs that it gets your hands full of liquid and toppings as they are squeezed off the dog no matter how gently you hoist that doggie!
That's not a problem.
It's just that I'm glad I could be sloppy in the privacy of mine own home rather than dribbling in public.
One downer--in looking at the photos, I saw Vegas J's photo of some bread pudding she'd had for dessert.
No dice.
They don't do desserts anymore.
Oh well, I still have a few 'Lette macarons from my last trip to LA so I had a Plan B that was quite good.
The order was made quickly and the counter guy was very helpful and polite.
Everything was A-OK!
Almost two years after my first visit to Sage, I made a return visit to have the Iron Chef America menu that Chef Shawn McClain's made and served the judges on last week's (9/5/12) Iron Chef America.
Chef McClain challenged Iron Chef Forgione and McClain won handily.
They are serving the menu this week only at Sage--tomorrow being the last day.
I really like this restaurant--the food, the décor, and the general ambiance.
Onto the meal.
I'm glad Chef McClain does not shy away from salt.
There's soft butter served with a small container of sea salt.
Several of the dishes had a salt flavor that enhanced the food.
My server and I spoke about this for a bit and he agreed with me about using salt.
Course 1: Dinner started with whelk toast with a tropical sangrita.
The sangrita was flavored with padron pepper.
ginger, and lime.
There was a nice kick from the padron pepper.
Very refreshing beginning.
The whelk toast was very good.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog#E6mV80XbGYsn1m4UlhTzjg

Course 2:  This was sashimi of Hawaiian nairagi.
The nairagi was in small roll like curves and had some sea salt crystals on the outside.
The sashimi was on coconut purée with shaved hearts of palm, and togarashi cured pineapple.
The pepper flavor with the coconut and pineapple was fantastic!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog#HaXdWtg8SkxXD1ewW5REjA

Course 3:  Whelk ceviche with green zebra tomatoes, avocado espuma, and green mango.
What a complex mix of flavors.
Everything went well together and the whelk and tomatoes were wonderful!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog#SizPEw_4IWsPxinOsrf02Q

Course 4:  Lemongrass coconut soup.
There was a tempura fried prawn on the soup, the "noodles" were made of young coconut, and it was given an extra flavor kick with Thai basil.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog#kZjlT7E5fkJuDLo-nGK_-g

Course 5:  Braised pork belly.
This was served with sweet coconut rice, thin slices Iberico ham with glazed pineapple.
There was a peppery flavor to the pork belly and it was such a great counterpoint to the pineapple's sweetness.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog#EVSglQBj0DdpcRCVHaofMQ

Dessert:  Creamy white chocolate with coconut.
This was a white chocolate soup.
The white chocolate was in a small pitcher and the server poured the liquid chocolate over the rum-compressed pineapple and sweet tapioca that were in the bowl.
There was also a serving of mango sorbet.
The tapioca was cooked to perfection, the white chocolate was addicting and the pineapple was great!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog#FXHKG6FMdEU6pvNAjeLJ_Q

Lastly, at the end of meals at Sage, the server brings a small container of hot chocolate that has both banana and caramel mixed in.
What a delightful reverse amuse-blouche with which to end your meal.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog#yPSJUmfus3MsIpUvR9TYpg

Service was exemplary as I knew it would be.
When my iced tea glass was low, a server brought me another glass.
No asking, no waiting--just excellent service.
My head server was James and we chatted about the contest and how everyone had kept the results secret for almost a year since the show was taped.
James was excellent!
I hope he's working when I'm there again.
What a treat to live in a city to have such fine chefs as Shawn McClain!
Another pleasant meal at Sage.
And, I will be back for another one--soon I hope.
I am a platelet/plasma donor at this site.
I go once a month, and I have almost completely positive things to say about everyone here.
I left off one star because of a phlebotomist who just doesn't seem to give a damn doing the job correctly.
She has the personality of a slug and she moves a tad faster than that.
In the nine years I have been going to this center, there has been a large turnover.
I think people get trained, get some experience, and then move on to better paying jobs.
Still, the act of donating blood or its components is one of the most satisfying things you can do.
It takes an investment of time but the rewards are great.
In addition, free cookies and gifts after the donation aren't bad, either.
And, you accumulate points.
I have enough points now for 15 free movie tickets.
Not bad.
Go and join the blood crew who do this regularly.
**** Review is for Summer Restaurant Week 2013 Menu ****

A friend joined me here for dinner last night before the Human Nature Show and we both ordered from the Restaurant Week menu.
For the first course, my friend ordered the Satay chicken with peanut sauce.
I got the "crunchy spicy yellowtail roll with spicy mayonnaise."
We both enjoyed our dishes.
We didn't try each others dishes because Paula doesn't eat sushi and satay chicken is just satay chicken.
I did try the peanut sauce and it was good.
For course two, Paula got the roasted Thai Buddha chicken with choy sum, sweet chili, and lime.
I got the filet mignon pepper steak with shitake mushroom, bell pepper, and shishito peppers.
I did have some of the Buddha chicken and it was very tender and the sauce was excellent.
The pepper steak was very good.
The filet was sliced and barely stir fried with the vegetables.
The stand out was the sauce again!
It was rich and very flavorful.
For dessert, we again took different paths.
Paula got the crispy Fuji apple blossoms with Tahitian vanilla bean ice cream and I got the chocolate spring rolls
 with Kalamansi dipping sauce.
The rolls were good but they weren't stuffed with chocolate as I hoped they would be.
Rather, there was some melted chocolate on a leaf and the rolls were placed on the chocolate.
Regardless, they were good.
The dipping sauce was non-descript.
I really couldn't say it had much of a flavor.
It tasted more like mango than orange.
For Paula's apple blossoms, they were triangle puff pastries with apple filling.
They were good.
Service was very good.
My iced tea was refilled when it got halfway down.
The table was bussed quickly.
Our server was very pleasant and he was pleased to know there was at least one local having dinner at Tao.
The room is quite nice.
Dark and woody with a large Buddha in the center along one wall.
We got our cameras/phones out so we could get a photo of it.
It would be a good place to take a date if you wanted to impress.
I can only can fit in two places for this Restaurant Week, and I'm glad Tao was one of them!
I called another Thai place today for take out only to find out they now close on Tuesday.
I remembered the King and I had their menu stuffed in the doors of the neighborhood about a week ago.
OK, on with Plan B.

I got their Curry Duck and my wife got the Chicken with garlic and black pepper sauce.
She got 0 for spiciness.
I asked the order taker what their scale was.
It's a 1 to 4 so I ordered it at 4.
She confirmed I wanted extra spicy, and we had a short wait before I drove to The Lakes to get the food.
I loved my duck.
Superb!
She gave me two containers with extra spice, and I used some of that, too.
Their 4 isn't really a four.
It would be about a 6 on a 1 to 10 scale.
My wife wasn't as fond with her dish.
It had the dreaded cilantro that she dislikes, and she refuses to stop being a kid, grow up, and learn to eat various types of food.
Oh well, opposites attract.
I'm glad we had the Tuesday closing.
Now I have two dependable and very good Thai restaurants nearby.
I stopped here after an appointment for breakfast.
Since I had read the Yelp reviews, I knew that I had to order at the counter and not just be seated.
On entering, there's a good-sized sign pointing the way to the right and around to go past the bakery cases to get to the ordering area.
I picked up the menu and looked it over.
I ordered the Langosteno omelette and coffee.
For a limited time, coffee is free between 7 AM and 9 AM with $.75 for a refill.
The woman at the counter put a mug down in front of one of the tall thermos containers with a pump.
I filled my cup, walked to a table, and waited for my breakfast to arrive.
It took a reasonable amount of time and she arrived with the omelette.
The omelette had spinach, tomato, and langosteno and was topped with homemade Hollandaise.
On the side were some purple fingerling potatoes and two slices of orange and two pieces of watermelon.
The omelette was good.
The potatoes had not been dried and water from them soaked down the plate and diluted the Hollandaise.
In the corner, under the fruit, there was some unadulterated Hollandaise and it was very good.
Breakfast was OK.
I am not a fan of serve yourself at a restaurant but I understand the business model.
Still, I like to be served coffee and have someone come around and refill my cup.
Jacques is OK but I see no reason to go back.
I think one would like this show if they were a fan of the Pawn Stars show.
I've wanted to see the show because I've seen most of the cast in local theatre in Las Vegas and I was eager to see how they did this spoof.
The show is just under an hour and I was surprised at how quickly the hour went by.
The lead characters who play the spoof characters of Slick, Lil' Boss, and Chump look like the real life Pawn Stars.
This gives the show a familiar look to those who watch the TV series.
A summary of this show could be that it has a very thin script and is goofy and corny.
There are bits that make you groan and other times laugh.
You know something is not quite right when my biggest laugh was the producer's mention of the "Real Housewives of Pahrump."
The show is stolen by the antics of Enoch Scott.
His main part is to be the voice for the Old Man puppet.
However, his many roles are where the show goes off track, funny and goofy though they be.
Trying to move the story along, Scott plays a number of characters and it stretches the idea of spoof a bit thin.
Put all this together and add two Las Vegas showgirls (very pretty I might add), and you have a show that's trying to hard and succeeds at little.
I went here for the first time yesterday (1/6/12) to get some papada and chutney.
The staff was very helpful in giving me suggestions about what flavors they had and where things were.
As others have noted, the store is very cluttered.
It seems like they have almost any Indian food product you could want.
There are non-food items, too.
This was my first foray in the India market but I'll be back to buy some curries and make my own dishes at home.
The Nevada Conservatory Theatre at UNLV is an excellent place for those who enjoy live theatre, great performances, and a venue away from the Strip and the hubbub there.
I have been a season ticket holder for 3 years getting ready for the 4th year in September.
Sure there were some plays that weren't as enjoyable as others.
But, most have been top notch, showcasing the talent in the fine arts programs at UNLV.
The new season brings the plays Fool For Love, Count Dracula, The Fantasticks, Summers of Fear, and Noises Off.
In addition, there are three Black Box productions The Hot L Baltimore, Spring's Awakening, and Trojan Women.
These will be in the Judy Bayley Theatre.
Go see one of these shows and perhaps get hooked.
I know, I did!
I became a big fan of this place last night when I went here for the first time.
It was just about 5 PM, and I sat at the sushi bar.
During the time I was there - until about 6 PM, I was the only one at the bar.
I started off with some complimentary miso and a small bowl of edamame.
Good start on both counts.
For my dinner, I got an order of Uni Nigiri and their Tokyo Special Roll (Inside the roll were tuna, kampyo, and crab.
Outside the roll were 6 pieces of fish (tuna, salmon, and white fish) with a spicy garlic sauce.
During dinner, two complimentary dishes were made for me.
One was a sizzling skillet of King Oyster mushrooms and one oyster shooter with hot sauce.
Finally, I had ginger ice cream for dessert at no extra cost.
The sushi chefs were really good and very pleasant guys.
The two kinds of sushi I ordered were prepared very well, and the complimentary food was delicious.
I don't think I've had such tasty mushrooms slices.
I am sure I'll be back here, and I want to go with a few people when we can order more rolls and I can try different things.
This review is for the theatre only and not for the show I was here to see.
Bugsy's Cabaret in the Flamingo Hotel is near the front of the casino.
It is a small, intimate theatre seating roughly 150 people in a semi-curcular seating arranegement.
Bugsy's Cabaret is hime to several shows including X Burlesque, Piff's Piffmas Pifftacular, X Comedy, and Jeff Civillico.
The lineup changes from time to time with X Burlesque being the show that is the main one in the theatre.
I have seen a number of shows in the theatre and find it a pleasant showroom.
There are two lines outside the theatre--one for VIP guests and one for regularly ticketed people.
I came here to see X Comedy that was to begin at 8.
Rather than standing in line, I waited in the casino watching tourists and went to the line when it was shorter at about 7:45.
Since it is such a small theatre, there is no need to be the first there.
The rear row of seats is reserved as are some of the two seat cocktail tables in the center of the stage area.
They are generally had by giving the maître d' a tip which isn't really necessary unless you're trying to impress a date with your Las Vegas skills.
The maître d' told me to take the end chair seat near the center in a reserved section for VIP ticketed people even though I had a free ticket.
If you're at the comedy show and don't want to be part of the show, these are not the best seats to take.
X Burlesque is the time you want this seat.
The sound system in the room is quite good, the stage is a fairly good size for the size venue, and it's a good theatre with good sight lines in which to see a show.
I wasn't necessarily a cupcake fan and couldn't understand the huge increase in popularity for cupcakes, but now I know why they're the "in" thing for many people.
Yesterday on the way back from hiking with Yelp friends at Mount Charleston, we did a quick off/on the freeway to go to Retro bakery.
I've seen the reviews, but since it's a drive from where I live, I never went here.
That will change.
I bought a box of four, and it was difficult picking the flavors I wanted because they all looked so good.
I ended up with; 1) red carpet with an almond butter cream frosting on a red velvet like cake; 2) Coffee and doughnut with a frosting of sugar doughnut-like frosting and a dollop of coffee flavored frosting; 3) Cookies and cream; and 4) Chocolate fountain with chocolate cake and chocolate buttercream frosting and dipped in chocolate ganache.
We tried the Coffee and doughnut and the Chocolate fountain yesterday and will polish off the other two tonight.
I think some people might think the frosting is too sweet, but I'm such a sour person, sweet is always good!
I forgot to add that the staff was very friendly and quite helpful!
I'll be stopping in after a hike again because I want to get some of their large cookies.
They looked so good in the case.
A couple of times when I've scanned my players card at a kiosk at the Palms, out came a coupon for some offer at Chocolat.
One time I looked in the food court and it wasn't there so I had no idea where in the Palms this place might be.
Yesterday I parked in the east garage and as I was walking in the casino, I happened to glance to the hotel registration area and just to the right was Chocolat!
Mystery solved.
It does exist.
After playing for awhile, I decided to walk over and check it out.
I'm glad I did.
I wasn't in the mood for flatbread or a crèpe but the thought of gelato on an upper 90 degree day was enticing.
I saw on their board that they had Nutella gelato.
Well, they do and they don't.
It's one of their flavors but only in a rotating fashion and it wasn't one of the flavors yesterday.
A medium cup allows two scoops so I got one scoop of Oreo cookie and one scoop of macadamia nut.
Both were good but the macadamia nut was better.
The woman at the counter was very pleasant.
I took the gelato and sat at one of their small tables just outside the entrance.
Now that I know where Chocolat is, I'll check my offers at the kiosk and probably I'll be back for more.
The flat bread looked very interesting.
The only complaint I have is those damn little spoons they give you with gelato.
Give me a man sized spoon.
next time I go, I'll slip a plastic spoon from one of the yogurt places in my pocket and I'll be able to eat the gelato in a less genteel but more satisfying way!
I stopped here because I was told they have the best French macarons in Las Vegas.
The woman pointed me to the coconut macaroons.
When I explained what I wanted, she said, "Oh, we don't have them anymore.
That was the only thing we don't make.
We got them from someone else."
She then got on the phone to someone who told her they would be getting a delivery during this week.
I guess I'm not coming back.
Why guess when they'll have something when I can just buy it elsewhere.
I did buy a cannoli for $4.
It's a bit pricey but it was larger than the miniature ones you see at casino buffets.
It tasted good.
I don't think I'll be a return visitor to BonJour with the other options in Las Vegas.
Who knew that some of the best Asian food was at the Hard Rock Hotel and not on Spring Mountain Road.
Chef Ming See Woo is turning out amazing dishes with lots of flavor and an abundance of creativity.
Two of us had a tasting of several of her items.
She had determined the menu in advance and we chose a few dishes off the menus.
Items we tried:

Sizzling rice seafood soup
Mustard greens with salty egg and pork soup
Duck quesadilla with goat cheese
Miso sea bass in lettuce cups
Four dim sum dishes--pork bun, pan fried pot sticker, Siu Mai, and har gow.
Honey walnut prawn
Baby back rib with honey plum glaze
Crispy Japanese calamari with five spice, salt and pepper, and jalapeño
Drunken crab with rice wine dipping sauce
Peking duck with vegetables, bao, and duck sauce
Beef tenderloin with spicy Fú sauce and rice cake
Lobster in sake butter sauce
Pepper spice chicken with chili
XO shrimp
Honey walnut shrimp
Garlic egg noodles
White chocolate bread pudding
Chocolate mousse with chocolate pieces and Mandarin orange
Oreo beignets
Crispy banana spring rolls with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce

I cannot point out one dish that was not up to par but there were several standouts.
The XO shrimp were on a different menu that's given to their Asian guests.
The XO shrimp is outstanding and can be ordered anytime.
The lobster is pricey but it is excellent.
Served with the garlic egg noodles, it's an excellent dish.
The sake butter sauce was superb.
The mustard greens soup--also on the Asian menu--was excellent.
The duck quesadilla was an interesting twist that shows why Fú bills itself as a fusion restaurant.
The honey walnut shrimp were outstanding and was the beef tenderloin.
I know I'm listing everything that we tried, but it was all very good.
Finally, the desserts were great.
Oreo beignets with chocolate sauce and crispy banana spring rolls with ice cream.
Chocolate mousse and white chocolate bread pudding.
Desserts don't get much better than this.
Service was excellent.
Serving plates were replaced after each round and we were given fresh, large-sized wet napkins in wrapper to keep our fingers clean from the finger food.
Our cloth napkins were also changed halfway through the meal.
This was an outstanding experience.
Chef Woo is really doing some great things at Fú!
Three of us got together for dinner at Raku.
We were not able to get reservations but were going to try for a counter seat walk in.
As it turned out, we were informed we could have a table in one of the two rooms in the expanded (since I was there) restaurant.
We were to be out by 7:30 when the table was reserved for another party.
Service at the beginning was awful.
It seemed like they forgot we were there.
Finally we placed our order but it was close to 45 minutes before we received any food from our entering the restaurant when it opened at 6.
It became apparent we weren't going to make the 7:30 leave time.
Stand out dishes for me were the fried sea breem, the chicken on spinach, and anything pork--belly, cheek, ears.
The egg custard with foie gras was also very good with the custard being the best part of the dish.
I also really enjoyed the green tea soba noodles that was the end of our meal.
The agedashi tofu was somewhat disappointing to me.
It turned out to be a good evening after a fairly uneven start.
I needed a quick dinner with some leftovers.
I had been to this Sammy's for a Yelp event several years ago and decided to give it a go.
I phoned my order for an Italian sausage and a NY Style pizza.
The person on the phone told me it would be 10 to 15 minutes.
I immediately left and got there just as they were about to be removed from the oven.
During the payment time, Beto, the man at the counter, asked how In was going to enjoy the pizza at home--with a beer?
When I said no, I would be having iced tea, he went to the counter and got me a take out container of their passion fruit iced tea to try compliments of Sammy's.
Nice touch.
The pizzas were good.
There's nothing special about them as far as gourmet topping but I wasn't looking for that.
This is OK standard, chain pizza, and it was a nice change from what I normally get.
And the leftovers make wonderful breakfast when you eat the slices cold out of the refrigerator with plenty of red pepper sprinkled on top!
I have seen Manilow at Paris two times now, and I really enjoy the show.
This new show, compared to the one at the Las Vegas Hilton, is a much better show.
Much of the music is the same.
He sings his standards and usually throws in one or two different numbers with different show incarnations.
What I like about the Paris show is the production.
There are several high definition screens that display works of art, pictures of New York City, and some psychedelic-like art at the end of the show.
The panels add a beauty and class to the show that raises it above what it was at the Hilton.
The 9 piece band and 4 back up singers are all very good, and the show moves along with a good pace.
The 3 friends of mine and I really enjoyed tonight's show.
I recommend it highly.
Photos are allowed during the show which is different from most shows.
I dined here with a friend this past Saturday evening.
We were guests of Chef Brian Massie, Executive chef for the Light group Las Vegas.
Executive Chef Renieri Caceres of Fix had picked some dishes he wanted us to try and we added some others from the menu.
The items we had consisted of five appetizers, two mains, and three desserts.
The dishes were:

Appetizers:

Lobster tacos with grilled mango and cilantro
Prosciutto wrapped dates with chorizo, roasted piquillo & San Marzano sauce
Duck prosciutto flatbread with Fromage Blanc, onions, Pecorino cheese, and Rocket Greens (from the menu)
Wood grilled bruschetta with Greek yogurt, citrus, and blackberry jam
Ultimate very adult mac and cheese with truffle oil and prosciutto

The two main dishes were:

Duck and waffles, confit with a fried egg and maple bourbon syrup
100 day dry aged bone in rib eye with lobster mashed potatoes and sweet corn spoon bread

The desserts were:

Chocolate s'mores with flourless cake, graham crunch, burnt fluff, and milk chocolate pudding
Warm banana bread with coconut ice cream and Malibu Anglaise
Warm apple pie filled doughnuts with rum raisin and cinnamon apple dipping sauces.
In addition, we had iced tea and I had a plain coffee after dessert.
We were greeted at the podium at 8 and shown to our table by a pleasant hostess and were soon taken care of by a great team of servers who were excellent.
Iced tea glasses were replaced before finishing the one we were drinking, water glasses were kept filled, and the table was cleaned between each course with politeness and great finesse.
The dishes were all very good.
The only dish I thought wasn't very successful were the lobster tacos.
The bruschetta was excellent.
I asked about the round yogurt balls in EVOO and the server explained the technique for making them.
Spread on the grilled bread and topped with some blackberry jam, marvelous!
Not to be outdone, the prosciutto wrapped dates with chorizo were large and very tasty.
In the main, the duck was wonderfully done with a crispy skin and the waffles were quite good.
The amazing thing was the 100 day dry aged ribeye, something that we were told was a special.
It was tomahawk style, sliced from the accompanying bone as providing approximately a dozen medium rare slices of delicious beef with a flavor I haven't enjoyed before not having had beed aged that amount of time.
The desserts were amazing, too!
My favorite was the warm banana bread pudding with coconut ice cream and Malibu Anglaise.
The doughnuts were very good as was the s'mores.
Any one of the three would be worthy choices.
Two and a half hours later, we left, quite full and with a big smile from the delightful meal we had just finished.
Many thanks to the two chefs and a top notch crew for making dinner such a memorable event.
Five of us came here for dinner and Executive Chef Enzo Febbraro came to talk to us as we perused the menu.
He asked if we wanted him to just send out dishes, put them in the center of the table, and enjoy them family style.
We agreed to that.
Some table leaves were raised so we had more room for the 5 of us with plenty of room in the middle for our dishes.
We were given bread service and instead of butter, we were served this very tasty garlic creamy spread that was very good.
In short order, we started with the appetizers.
We got eggplant parmigiana, calamari which contained some fried peppers and tomatoes and was served with a very spicy, very good tomato sauce.
We also got a platter of mozzarella that contained burrata, stracchino, bufala mozzarella along with two kinds pf prosciutto and some Italian tomatoes.
This was shortly followed by some meatballs in tomato sauce and a focaccia pizza which had mozzarella, crème fraîche, smoked salmon, chives, and red onion.
Moving on to the entrée type plates, we got this huge--think the size of a large round pizza--bone in veal chop parmigiana.
The menu lists it as 12 ounces, but it had to be a lot more than that.
It was huge!
We also got osso buco with pappardelle and vegetable stew.
Accompanying these two dish were a lasagna and seafood risotto.
We ended with four desserts--tiramisu, pear ricotta tart,  pannetone bread pudding, and baba au rhum.
Standout dishes for me were the calamari and the hot tomato sauce.
There was a lot of red pepper in the sauce and it had great zing to it.
The mozzarella platter with prosciutto was another good dish.
The osso buco was good and the pappardelle and sauce from the osso buco was very tasty.
The pounded veal parmigiana was good but I'm not that big a fan of veal parmigiana.
I credit Chef Febbraro with not breading his dishes to death.
The calamari and veal were nicely breaded.
I did not try the baba au rhum because one of my dining mates let me know it was infused heavily with rum.
The other three desserts were good with the pear ricotta tart being the best.
The amount of food we ate and the heaviness of the dishes filled us all.
It was a fine dinner with the chef sending out some of his chosen dishes.
A friend is doing rehab here.
It's an OK place.
He had to get a bit demanding before they got his gluten free diet into their heads.
Hallways and rooms are clean.
Some of the staff need a bit of customer service education, but there are several I've met who are quite pleasant and efficient.
It's hard reviewing a place you'd rather not be.
This was my first visit to Agave.
I agree with several of the posters who rate this as average food and over-priced.
I do like the building, both inside and out.
We did have good service.
We also were there in the late afternoon when there were few other people there.
I had the Steak "Alambre" style.
It was a tasty dish that could have used some more heat.
My wife had the Mayan Chicken Tamales.
She liked them but thought they were spicy hot (they weren't) and she thought there was no chicken filing until deep down (there was but it was bland and you couldn't distinguish it from the masa).
When I checked my email later, I received one from Open Table saying that Agave had cancelled my reservation.
I don't know why, but that means no open table points.
I'm not anxious to return to Agave when there are so many other good Tex/Mex places around this town.
I stopped here over a week ago but it was before the business was open for the day so I knew where to go and what time.
I stopped in yesterday and bought two chicken pot pies--one with cheddar crust and one with habanero cheddar crust.
They were in individual boxes and the boxes were not marked so we had to guess which was which.
I din't learn this until I got home.
They gave me a sheet with baking instructions that were very accurate.
I baked mine a little longer than they suggested but I wanted a nicely browned crust.
After baking, I turned the pot pies over onto plates and a bit stuck to the bottom which is what I expected.
I have made my own and I know this happens.
The filling of the pot pies was good.
You can tell the freshness by the carrots alone.
When I bit into the carrot slices, I could taste the fresh taste of carrot that hasn't been frozen but is a fresh produce item.
A couple of things about my experience.
I wish I had noticed the lack of marking crust flavors on the box before I got home.
That being said, my wife and I found almost no difference in taste between the two.
The habanero just was not evident.
I also find that chicken is the only option and your flavors are determined by the crust, the chance for different tastes is very limited.
What I'd really like is a curry chicken pot pie that you could taste and it wouldn't be that much extra to do.
The pot pies were OK.
I know I'm paying for fresh ingredients and they roast their own chickens, but the cost for the size of the pie is high and maybe it has to be.
I won't need their buyers' card for getting a free one after the correct number of purchases.
Tip:  If you're going to Pie Me Over, look on the east side of Rainbow for the Firehouse Subs.
Pie Me Over is in back behind the buildings in the front of 6070 South Rainbow.
I was in the neighborhood and needed to go to an ATM.
This is one of the most inconvenient entrances I've seen of almost any bank.
You drive around the whole building to hopefully get a parking space in front.
I walked right up to the ATM, so this place gets an OK rating--but just.
This was a busy Starbucks at the Charlotte Airport and it was a welcome treat in the interim between arriving from Paris and departing for home.
The place wasn't too busy and before long I was on my way with my drink.
The wifi was strong and I should have stayed there because of the time limit on wifi in this airport.
The staff was pleasant.
Non hotel guest review:

I love Aria for its class, it's shape, the public art that is scattered throughout, for the large upstairs walkways and restaurants.
There is so much that I admire about the place.
The Lumia Fountain in the porte cochere is a spectacular thing to see even in daylight.
The wood paneling at the concierge was recycled from the old Boardwalk Hotel that was on this site, an idea I think was superb.
The Elvis Theatre on the second floor has some interesting art across from the entrance, and there's more near the buffet.
No review would be complete without mentioning the Holzer art in the North Valet pickup area.
It's stunning to see, especially at night.
I've been surprised that a Las Vegas casino would be so forward looking as to install this art.
The property appeals to me a lot in many ways.
In my previous life in education, I heard so much about changing our ideas--our culture--and I always thought it was so much happy horse shit!
When I read Tony Hsieh's book "Delivering Happiness" and I saw the word culture so much, it gave me déja vu all over again.
(Thanks Yogi)  After my tour of Zappos today, I get it and how it works for this company.
You sign up online for the tour.
Parking is in the Zappos' garage off Las Vegas Boulevard before Stewart.
You go to the second floor, sign in with the person in the lobby, and wait for your tour.
You're given an ID badge and a name tag.
Several culture reps divide the group and take you to see Zappos at work.
My culture person was Renée and she was a gem!
She was always happy to be asked a question and she had the answers for us.
We saw some of the call center, the culture section where employees were dealing with customers either online or on the phone.
We got to see the Z Café and the employee patio.
I am sure that the employees are not always smiling and not always happy, but I did see a whole bunch of people who seemed to be happily doing their jobs in a relaxed, informal setting and the idea of culture that Mr. Hsieh has been so focused on works!
The tour lasts just about an hour.
You are free to bring your camera and take photos.
The only thing they ask is that you don't take photos of computer screens (it might have customer information on it or other things that should remain private) and they ask that there be no video.
This is a tour that would be interesting for anyone to take.
It's amazing to see what they did to the old Las Vegas City Hall.
Lobster omelette.
OK, now that I have your attention, it's a very good breakfast.
I had a Groupon for the Coffee Pub and I decided I'd use it yesterday.
I had viewed their menu online and I knew this was the breakfast to try.
I ordered the omelette with home fries and rye toast.
The omelette was a nice size.
It was filled with the lobster and cheese sauce.
There were some larger pieces of lobster, but most were small pieces.
That didn't detract.
One wouldn't expect a lobster tail in an omelette.
The home fries were very tasty.
Good sized chunks of browned potatoes.
And the rye toast was swirled rye.
Two people, a man and a woman, took orders and brought dishes to the table.
Both were very pleasant and very efficient.
I was so glad they did the Groupon because I never knew this place existed.
Now that I'm a fan, I'll come back and try some other things.
As others have said, the place is a small, cozy restaurant.
I sat in the back area by the coffee counter where they have just 3 tables.
Since it was a holiday and offices were generally closed, it wasn't good people watching.
I will come back to sit on the patio and enjoy lunch there.
We stopped here yesterday for late lunch/early dinner.
Since it was Sunday, they had a brunch menu but neither of us were interested in that.
Immediately after being seated, we were asked about drinks and two iced teas were brought quickly.
After looking at the menu for awhile, my wife opted not to have the fajitas for two but ordered the chicken azado Vallarta style--salsa Española with capers, banana peppers, and olives.
I ordered the flaming fajitas.
After all, it's the name of the place and that's why I stopped.
We were brought chips, salsa, bean dip, and a small dish of grilled onions and one half of a grilled jalapeño.
Standard fare except for the grilled onions and jalapeño.
In a short time, our dinners arrived.
Mine was flamed near the table but far enough away for safety.
The fajita pan is a high pan with a circular top.
The chicken, peppers, and onions were nicely grilled and the flavors were very good.
My wife's chicken was good, and it was a very large portion.
I have leftovers for dinner this evening.
It was one whole chicken breast.
Not finishing her meal allows my wife to justify dessert.
I need no justification.
We shared an order of fried ice cream that was very good.
The crust on the outside was tasty and the ice cream was nice to have on one of our 100 degree summer days.
Service was excellent.
Multiple people came to check on iced tea refills, was it OK to remove dishes, anything else, etc.
One of the managers (owners?)
came by and chatted and made sure all was well.
He asked if it was our first time at the restaurant.
He explained some of their current promotions.
I normally would have given Juan's a 3 star rating.
However, the service and the appreciation shown for patronizing Juan's figured in my upping the review to 4 stars.
I appreciate when businesses give good service and are glad that you stopped there given all the choices we have in this city.
I am a fan!
Review of the Minute Clinic in this CVS:

I came to this Minute Clinic because staff at two other CVS stores said this was where I need to go for a shingles vaccination.
They were wrong.
The thing that salvaged my stop here was the great customer service of the woman at the clinic.
She called two other places and got addresses and cost for me.
She was very helpful.
Since this isn't in my neighborhood, I can't speak for the store.
I am not experienced with BBQ so take that into account when you read this review.
I came here yesterday for take out.
I got two dinner combos--a Georgia chopped pork with the sides of Wilbur beans and garlic red skin mashed potatoes.
The other combo was a Texas beef brisket with sides of potato salad and Dave's cheesy mac and cheese.
Both came with a corn  bread muffin.
We enjoyed the dinner, perhaps because it was a different kind of meal for us.
It was quick.
I didn't call the order in but went there and ordered at their To Go section.
The wait was about 5 minutes.
Customer service was very good and I was soon on my way.
The only thing I regret is all the plastic used for take out.
Some recyclable, some not.
I think another time, I'd just go and eat there rather than bring home so much that will end in the landfill.
I'll be back but I need to try some of the other BBQ places in town including one recommended highly by Nelson Q.
He never steers me wrong.
Heading home, I made a quick stop here to pick up a McFlurry for dessert.
Service was prompt, the restaurant was clean, and about the only thing to diminish my enjoyment of the McFlurry was the woman talking on her cell phone at about 120 decibels.
After a few strategic glares from me, she took it outside.
I generally don't stop at thisMcDonald's, but given the circumstances and the fact I was heading home, it made a good place to get dessert!
And, there's free wifi.
I really like Canal Street.
As tourists, we went here many times.
As residents, we've only been here once in the last 11 years.
It was time to go back and see if it was as good as always and it was.
The bread basket consisted of a couple of pieces of tasty lavash and two rolls, one a walnut and raisin and the other I don't know because I didn't want to fill up on bread.
The butter comes with a piece of processed cheese spread with grapes and cranberries.
Very tasty!
I started with a house salad that comes with all entrées.
It's built almost like a small Cobb salad with greens in the middle and small mounds of diced tomato, bleu cheese, candied walnuts, hearts of palm, cucumber, and hard boiled egg around the perimeter.
I got bleu cheese dressing and the salad was very good.
My main course was the 8 ounce filet done black and blue.
With the steak came some summer vegetables cooked very little.
They were crispy and they were good!
I ordered a salted baked potato as a side.
My steak was done perfectly and the baked potato with that rich salt was very, very good.
For dessert, I got the Canal Street bread pudding with blueberries and a Bourbon whiskey vanilla sauce.
The bread pudding was different.
Not only was there the vanilla sauce, but the bread had a distinct chocolate infusion and there was chocolate sauce along with the vanilla.
Excellent.
Service was very good.
Iced tea was refilled without asking, finished dishes were removed promptly, and there was adequate time between courses to relax and enjoy the surroundings.
I wasn't rushed nor was service slow.
I like the room.
It has a New Orleans theme with one side being a mural.
In about an hour's time, the lights on the mural slowly dim and the fluorescent paint starts to glow with the blue lights and it looks like the lights in the mansion along the river or on the paddle wheel boat were turned on.
Then the lights slowly pick up and eventually it's daytime again.
I've always liked that ambiance and it was there again last night.
Mary Jane Falls is a hike in the Mount Charleston area.
The area is about 20 degrees cooler on average than Las Vegas, so it's a great place to hike in the summer when Red Rock Canyon is too hot for many people.
The hike is 3 miles round trip and the elevation gain is about 1,000 feet.
In the spring, after some good winter snow on the mountain, Mary Jane will have some nice water falling down its steep cliffs.
That's the case now in June, 2010.
The falls are never a gusher, but they are pretty.
The trail starts out rising gently as you hike about 1/2 mile to get to the first switchback.
From there, it's a series of switchbacks to the edge of the cliffs.
The going is steeper.
Please don't cut the switchbacks.
There has been some damage done to the trail because of people taking a shorter route.
On the way up the switchbacks, you'll see a cave off to the left.
When you get to the falls, you can take the trail to the cave.
It's a nice place to have a snack as you take in the beautiful vista.
Walk back to the falls to get the trail back to your car.
To get to the trailhead, drive up Kyle Canyon Road, State Route 157.
After passing the elementary school, there is a side road that goes off to the right to the Echo subdivision.
This is Echo Road.
Follow this road about 1/3 of a mile, and you will see a sign to turn left on a dirt, graded road to reach the trailhead.
This area is very crowded on weekends so an early start is best.
I had a myVegas comp for the buffet and used it last night.
I was surprised by the get your own drinks, but that's OK with me.
I didn't have to wait for anyone other than myself.
I started by doing a walk through of the entire area to see what they had.
I ended up starting with salads.
I had macaroni salad-pretty standard and OK.
The western salad was shredded lettuce with red bell pepper and fresh jalapeño rounds.
This salad had a nice kick and was quite good.
I also had some couscous which also was good.
I did find some bread sticks by the salad station.
In the regular roll area, they had standard large rolls.
They were out of butter packets so only small margarine containers were available.
The breadstick didn't need it.
I then went to the carving area and he had a new piece of beef.
This is not prime rib.
It looked like it was a rectangle of beef and it looked well done.
When I asked the gentleman where had all the nice rare meat gone that had been there when I did my walk through, he cut the beef in half and gave me a nice slice from the less done inside.
I got a piece of bok choy, some hush puppies, and a macadamia crusted chicken breast with apricot.
There was no  macadamia nut flavor at all.
The apricot gave the chicken some taste rather than being plain chicken.
I then went to the desserts.
They had a fairly nice selection of the small plastic cups that are appearing in buffets everywhere.
My first plate had a panna cotta with a lemon top filling with a fresh raspberry, flan with a fresh blackberry and some chopped nuts, and a small container of chocolate trifle.
The panna cotta and the chocolate trifle were great--the flan less so.
Second dessert plate had a macadamia nut cookie, a small pastry filled with vanilla cream and another fresh raspberry, and the star of the desserts, an Oreo cookie cheesecake.
The buffet was OK.  For the $22 they charge, you're not getting the kind of fare you'd get at the Bellagio or other property but they also charge $10 or more.
I wouldn't drive to the Strip to pay for this buffet.
We have a lot better choices in our locals casinos not on the Strip.
But for a comp, it was a nice dinner.
And I really did like the fact that I got more iced tea anytime I wanted without waiting.
Finally, every time I left my table, it was bussed before I got back.
That's not something that happens at all buffets.
I saw several people leaving last night without leaving even a dollar for the bus person.
I know I did most of the work, but he cleaned my table before, during, and after my dinner there last night.
He and the other wait staff deserve a tip!
Wow!
Now that I've been to Rose.Rabbit.Lie, I understand how the whole thing fits together and works.
I had a free ticket for the show last night and I made a dinner reservation, too.
The website said they were fully booked, but when I called the Cosmopolitan, she made a reservation for me.
I got my ticket at the box office on the second floor and went to the Rose.Rabbit.Lie entrance at 6 PM for my reservation.
There was a couple in line ahead of me.
They weren't yet open.
There's a lot of security and ear pieces in this area across from the Wicked Spoon buffet.
When they opened, the woman asked me if I wanted a table or to sit at a bar.
Since I was alone, I told her the bar.
She asked which one I wanted to go to and I couldn't answer.
I let her choose and she took me to the Library Bar.
There are several rooms behind closed doors after you enter the main door.
On the left was the Library, a small room with about 8 tables and 8 or so seats at the bar.
I took the end seat and I was so glad this was where I was.
We could hear the music from next door--it turned out to be the Music Room--and the bartender who waited on me was Anthony!
He was perfect--knowledgable about the menu and he made some great recommendations to me.
Most of the dishes are tapas style.
I ordered the Brussels sprouts with crispy chicken skin.
Manchego cheese and Spanish paprika.
I also ordered Tête de Cochon--pig head with a slow cooked egg.
The pig head was cooked and the meat was seasoned and formed into a small rectangle.
It was lightly battered with panko breadcrumbs and lightly fried.
Served with a soft poached egg, it was delightful.
Breaking the egg and letting it run over the pork was so very good!
The Brussels sprouts were wonderful!
I could not have had two better recommendations!
I chose desert on my own.
I ordered the butterscotch pudding with a chocolate and hazelnut "stone".
The dessert was a perfect ending to the meal.
The butterscotch was salted and the "stone" was very tasty!
Service was excellent and sitting at the bar was a show in itself.
Anthony showed me and the gentleman seated next to me the 3 kinds of special ice cubes they make for Rose.Rabbit.Lie.
Quite interesting and creative.
From here, I was shown to the Music Room where I listened to a 5 piece combo play.
There was a singer who walked on the bar in the Music Room.
One of the entertainer/ushers--a friend of mine--came in to work.
I had no idea he had gotten a job here.
He told me that we'd be shown into the Ballroom (another place to eat and drink) and then we'd go to the showroom.
The combo and the singers went into the Ballroom and then the doors were opened to the Showroom.
The show is called Vegas Nocturne and although the website lists it as 70 minutes, it's more like 95 minutes in length.
There are two types of chairs and I got seated in a row that had the hard folding chairs.
The show is a milder version of its cousin, Absinthe.
The acts are lower key in a way because of the low ceiling.
The acts are very good, the comedy is quite funny, and it was a perfect end for my evening.
Katy Perry was in the audience.
This was a wonderful evening and I'm so glad I went.
I'm not sure I'd pay the full price for the show.
It's a bit steep considering the other entertainment available on the Strip but as part of an entire evening at Rose.Rabbit.Lie, it was just perfect!
I met two friends here yesterday for lunch.
We wanted to try several things but some of the normal crew couldn't make it.
After a bit of confusion on our part about what to order and the idea of mixing sauces on one pizza-spearate for each half, we got our order in and then had a seat.
This is a no frills, small spot.
My one photo basically shows all the seating except for some not seen on the right.
You get your own plastic ware and napkins from a table to the left of the deli case and there are salt and pepper shakers there and some hot peppers and other spices you might want with Italian food.
We first got fried gnocchi which were OK.
The marinara dipping sauce was good.
Two of us shared a fried rice ball with some tomato sauce and lots of cheese.
It was good.
Next, we had two pizzas.
Yes, three people eating two pizzas.
We got a thin style white pizza and a Sicilian style Margherita pizza.
Needless to say, one of left Cugino's with some leftovers--me.
Andrea enjoyed the pizza tonight.
The pizzas were both good.
I'm spoiled by a white truffle pizza I'm used to getting so this white pizza was a little lacking.
The Margherita was good with a rich sauce and lots of melted cheese.
We also had an order of garlic knots with their good marinara dipping sauce.
For me, this was the star of lunch.
They had good garlic flavor that wasn't lost when dipped in the marinara.
For dessert, we each had a cannoli.
Thank you M.

This is a great lunch place for students because it's right across the street from UNLV's student center.
I think I'll stop in and try some of their deli salads.
That would be my reason for returning.
The rest was good but pretty standard Italian fare.
The last stop on the Taco Trek for our group.
This place also has an al pastor wheel but I got a carne asada taco Azteca style which means it comes with a fresh grilled cactus pad.
I love cactus can this was super good!
Also, you can get at no extra charge, grilled vegetables to go with your taco.
When I saw it consisted of grilled scallions and two grilled peppers--one a jalapeño, I had to get the veggies.
The taco was very tasty and I ate the onions and peppers almost as a side dish.
Another thing different about El Gordo is that you can get either flour or corn tacos.
I got the corn this time and it was quite flavorful.
The tacos here are smaller than at the other places we stopped, but they are good and worth the price with the vegetable dish.
At $2, the place is on par with the other taco places in the area.
A little difference with this place is that you pick up a tray and place your ordered dishes on it.
Then you go to the cashier and pay for what you ordered.
It's very much cafeteria style.
Last night was quite busy and when our group arrived, we got a lot of stares.
A good stop of the Taco Trek!
I came here with 4 friends after hiking at Red Rock Canyon and we were all really hungry.
4 of us ordered the AYCE and 1 ordered off the menu.
I have not had much experience with AYCE sushi--I've only been to one other sushi place for AYCE.
We placed quite a few orders of various Nigiri sushi with some extra things like miso soup, shrimp tempura, and a few other things (I got a 4 piece Mexican roll).
The fish was fresh and tasty.
Service was good.
There was a misstep or two when something ordered was not brought but given the amount we ordered, I guess I could expect this.
My biggest issue with the place is that it is so small.
5 people at one table and with all the plates that were brought meant that our table was quite crowded.
This made for good conversation and sharing of what had been ordered, but I was amazed I didn't elbow one of my dining companions during the meal.
There is a 45 minute time limit for lunch and an hour for dinner but the way we scarfed everything down, we almost had time to spare although we weren't watching the time and I don't think they were either.
The red bean ice cream for dessert was very good.
I wish they had mochi on the AYCE menu.
Rather, they just had three ice cream flavors.
I will come back and sit at the sushi bar--my wife is a hater of fish (raw or otherwise)--and I'll do the AYCE.
Maybe I'll go slower and really enjoy the meal.
I decided to have linner at Pho Annie and after do some searching on Yelp, I opted to go to Pho Annie 2 which is closer to my neighborhood.
Winter has set in and pho would be a warming welcome from the cold.
I read the reviews and I chose the curry chicken which a good friend had recommended in his review (thanks Philip).
I enjoyed part of my Thai iced tea while I was waiting.
In about 10 minutes, the large bowl of curry chicken soup with noodles was brought to the table.
The broth was rich and very enjoyable.
I added bean sprouts, Thai basil, and all of the jalapeño slices (I wish there had been more because this adds so much to the soup.
About 20 minutes later, I was done with my soup having spotted the table and my sweatshirt with broth from the soup.
Clothes are always a casualty in eating pho and ramen but it washes out.
My only problem with the soup was the chicken pieces were not boneless and my hands were a greasy mess when I was done.
The meal was good.
I met two friends from New York for dinner at Hawthorn and it was a good experience.
I wasn't sure what to expect when I read that this was the old Ceres restaurant remodeled.
Ceres was a place we liked to bring family and friends when they visited because of the lovely room and the fantastic patio.
The makeover does not disappoint except the partitions take away the view of the waterfalls in the landscaping unless you get a table by one of the windows.
We were seated promptly and brought water and iced tea.
Before we ordered, a server arrived with two 'blocks' of bread--one multi-grain and one plain--and there was a knife for cutting the squares out.
You could pull it apart also.
Two of us ordered the sweet potato gnocchi with lobster and one got the petit filet.
The gnocchi/lobster duo with the spaghetti squash was a creative dish and shellfish butter helped bring the items together.
They were not skimpy with the lobster.
My friend's filet was cooked properly and he said it was good.
He had a baked potato but the two of us with the gnocchi skipped a side dish saving room for dessert.
For dessert, I had the citrus lemon meringue tart with raspberry coulis and raspberry white chocolate ice cream.
My friend ordered the caramel mascarpone cheesecake that she shared with her husband.
We both were very pleased with our desserts.
The lemon meringue tart was excellent.
Service was very good.
Iced tea was replaced with a fresh glass and we were checked on during dinner to make sure all was going well.
It was a pleasant time having good food with good friends.
I need to return and try some other things on the menu and maybe eat on the patio when it's cooler.
This show just passed its three month contract run at the Westgate Hotel.
The show has been renewed and will continue at the Shimmer Theatre which is a good thing.
I have seen every topless revue in Las Vegas and this ranks with the best of them.
The show runs just about one hour and has seven ladies who are very pretty and well endowed.
Endowed may be the wrong word because to me it connotes something received naturally.
It obvious to me that some of these ladies have "bodies by Corning" as I like to say and as I like to ogle.
After the ladies make their first appearance, a hostess, Gabriella, comes out and sings with a great voice.
She really belts it out.
Some of the other parts of the show are a wonderful pole dance done to Michael Bublé's version of "Feeling Good."
One of my favorite parts of the show was the longer routine with the bathtub.
Sexy, erotic, and lovely are good words to describe this segment.
There's also a woman who does a terrific job with the silks.
She has the strength of any Cirque du Soleil performer.
It's amazing what she can accomplish in the small venue of the Shimmer with the low ceiling.
There are other good acts but you should see the show to find out and enjoy for yourself.
The show is at 10:30 PM.
One word of warning gentleman--you might become part of the show onstage.
I went to see Dr. Grossman so I have a new primary care physician.
I used to go to these offices for another physician, but he moved.
Dr. Grossman is a likable, business like man who spends the amount of time you need.
He is thorough.
I am sure it will be good to have a continuing primary care physician.
In the past three years, I have had two different ones as interns have a way of graduating and moving to other cities.
This will be much better.
Snaps was fine for breakfast.
I have been here two or three times for dinner, but I didn't review at that time.
Today, I had the Build Your Own omelet with spinach, mushrooms, and jack cheese.
Tomato slices instead of potatoes and rye toast.
Price was $5.99.
Service was very good.
The toast wasn't buttered much in the kitchen and she brought extra butter quickly.
I like this coffee shop.
I went here last night before seeing Kà.
I had read some of the Yelp reviews of good friends and I knew exactly what I would order.
When the time came, I changed my mind and I ordered two things differently than I had planned.
I started with the lobster corn dogs which were accompanied by a container of crème fraîche flavored with whole grained mustard.
I have never had a regular corn dog--ever-- so this was a treat in more ways than one.
The lobster was very flavorful, the coating was a nice soft texture, and the mustard sauce made the combination a winner.
Next I got the peanut butter crunch burger.
It's a large burger, I'm figuring 8 ounces before cooking, served on a bed of fries.
The burger is topped with peanut butter and some bacon jam.
There are also a number of ribbed potato chips on top and it gives a nice crunchiness to the burger.
I asked for it rare and that's the way I got it.
The fries were crispy but there were way too many.
For dessert, I tried one of their cakes 'n shakes pairings.
I got the roasted peach and almond buckle that comes with a salted caramel shake and a small container of bourbon toffee to pour into the buckle like you would flavoring into a soufflé.
It was very good but the salted caramel shake which was very thick needed more salt.
I didn't taste any salt at all.
Service was excellent for most part.
It took quite awhile to get my check because it seemed like everyone was getting ready to leave at the same time.
Until then everything was good.
I was brought a new iced tea before my other one was finished, there was a clean fork brought between the corn dogs and the burger--in short--the kind of attention you get from higher end restaurants and not generally associated with a gastropubs.
I really liked my time at the pub and I found it a great place for a person eating alone.
There was a TV near where I was sitting.
I enjoyed watching the Washington Nationals game.
The place is loud and it would be hard to have a decent conversation but people were.
I have seen this show several times, and while the acts change, it's gotten a little old for me.
The lining up an hour in advance drives me crazy and I just don't do it.
I don't need to sit that close in this small theatre.
I sat in the very last row next to the sound booth and my view was perfectly good.
I thought the lining up was a bit better last night.
I arrived 15 minutes before the show was to start and I ran into the new routine of having your photo taken before you enter the theatre and then getting into another line.
Since I was alone, the young woman let me skip the photo and go right to the general admission line toward the Stripper Bar.
Then it was a wait there until the other show let out and we could enter.
I like the opening comic/juggler.
He's good.
I've seen him before but I still laughed at his silly puns and jokes.
The Ukrainian gymnast was good but didn't really wow me.
I did get the chance to see Melinda--the First Lady of Magic.
It was sort of blah.
I guess I'm beyond magic.
There are just so many acts like that in Las Vegas that you only need to change the person and the set and you're basically seeing the same thing.
Aerial Expressions was my favorite part of the show.
The guys are excellent and this hasn't gotten stale for me.
I didn't think the TV Guy was as funny as I did before.
Actually, I thought this segment was a bit labored.
I am glad they rotate their shows.
I had a comp voucher that expired the end of the month.
I was hoping to see the roller skating duo who left Absinthe but they were not in the show.
When you get free or discounted tickets, this show is a very pleasant diversion from the casinos and shopping.
I have to give this store the full 5 stars.
Parking is great in this small plaza.
I stopped in to drop off a package with pre-paid shipping.
I waited for a receipt but the gentleman at the counter explained why it wasn't necessary for me to wait if yhey had a number of customers.
He was a very genial fellow.
This will be my go to spot when I'm shipping with UPS.
I needed some good food before attending 4 plays at the Las Vegas Fringe Festival at Las Vegas Little Theatre in the same area as Thai Style Noodle House.
It was a no brainer as this was a place I was going to try when I got to it.
Yesterday was that time.
I got a regular iced tea and I ordered the Thai spice noodles--spice level 6.
Since I didn't know how they interpret their 1 - 10 scale, I thought I'd go lower and add additional heat if needed.
The service was very good.
In about 5 minutes, I had my plate of pan fried noodles made with vegetables and chicken.
Their 6 is more equivalent to 8 at other places so I chose wisely.
My server brought me the 4 jars common to Thai places in case in needed to spice it up a bit.
The noodles were very good.
It was a filling meal.
For less than $10, I had dinner and my iced tea.
The place was quiet on this Saturday afternoon.
There was one larger family group and two women at another table.
I went here with a group of Yelpers on a taco trot UYE arranged by Nelson and Sylvia Q.
This was the first stop on our quest to try tacos at three different places.
Nelson had advised that the al pastor tacos were the best he's had and who was I to disagree when he has so much experience.
I ordered two tacos--remember, we had two more spots to go and then on for a dessert stop.
The two tacos were al pastor and cabeza.
The al pastor is pork meat, seasoned, piled onto a large carousel skewer, and then cooked as it turns.
I ordered the taco with complimentary pineapple at nelson's suggestion.
The pineapple is cubed and spread over the pork pieces.
It makes a great taste combination!
The cabeza is shredded beef head.
When you get your tacos, there's a separate area on the side where there are all kinds of toppings--pico, cilantro, sauces of differing spiciness, diced onion, and limes.
With this, I ordered some guava juice.
The two tacos were outstanding!
We stood around in the small area eating our delights and having good conversation and lots of laughs.
This is a must do again!
What a great place with such pleasant people working here.
At $2 per taco and $1 per drink, it's a very good deal.
Round 1 of our taco trek was complete!
4.5 stars

Review is for the Restaurant Week 2011 menu:

This was the first time I was at Vintner Grill even though it's only about a mile from where I live.
I decided to give the place a try with its Restaurant Week menu and I was not disappointed.
Course 1 was crispy calamari with a lemon and curry aioli and some haricot verts.
The calamari was cooked perfectly and I liked that besides rings they had tentacles mixed in.
The lemon and curry aioli was a very tasty dipping sauce.
5/5

Course 2 was veal scaloppini with crimini mushrooms, lemon, marsala and capellini with olive oil.
The marsala sauce was superb in its richness and the crimini mushrooms added god flavor.
The capellini was a bit bland.
It needed some salt and for my taste a bit of grated cheese to bring out the richness of the olive oil.
4.5/5

Course 3 was a dessert of a gorgonzola panna cotta with a cherry compote and some sesame tuile.
The panna cotta was very light as it should be and had a mild flavor.
The cherry compote paired well with the lightness of the panna cotta.
The tuile was placed across the plate in the panna cotta.
Presentation was quite nice.
The restaurant is beautifully decorated.
I appreciate the fact that they start dinner service at 4.
I had a reservation for 4:30 as I needed to eat, run home and put my shorts back on, and head to a play at Spring Mountain Ranch State Park.
Service was excellent.
My server was polite and efficient.
The music loop was more for gray hairs like me.
The place was quiet, but it was early and there weren't many diners yet.
I do wish we could dispense with the TVs at the bar, but this is Las Vegas and almost any bar needs one or more TVs.
I was going to get a burger from their food truck when it was in the neighborhood once but I'm not a fan of buying from food trucks and then eating out of your lap in your car.
I was looking forward to a sit down spot and Fukuburger is in FAME.
There are 6 burgers from which to choose.
I ordered the Karai burger.
It's a Fuku patty with pickled cucumbers, avocado cream, and topped with habeñero kabayaki.
I also ordered the Jazz fries mentioned by some of my Yelp friends.
They are garlic fries topped with a brown gravy and then topped with what Fuku calls their crack sauce.
When you place your order they ask you for a nickname, not your first name.
They want to have some fun with people making up sometimes wild nicknames.
I was going to use what my mother used to call me but then I knew they wouldn't call that out.
I was a little lost.
I got a cup for my soda but I didn't see the fountain service anywhere.
Finally, I asked a woman going by and she helped me.
I got my diet and sat at the high top counter seats and waited.
My nickname was called and I received my tray with a big smile from the cook who prepared it and put it on the tray.
The burger was very good and the fries were even better.
They are like crack.
I could go back just for an order of them.
The burger was juicy, spicy, and the kabayaki crunch on top gave some nice texture to the burger.
One drawback for Fukuburger and FAME is that there are no bathrooms so there's no easy way to rinse your hands which you will NEED to do after finishing your burger.
Your fingers will be messy from the sauces.
I asked for some wet napkins like casinos provide but they had none.
I was directed to the bathrooms down the Linq promenade past the Ghirardelli Chocolate store.
That's where I went after I had dried my fingers as best as I could and I pushed doors open like I was keeping my hands sterile for surgery.
Be forewarned--take some casino wet naps with you to clean your fingers.
It's a curse of eating at Fukubruger but it's a good curse.
I'll be back.
I am truly fascinated with this exhibit.
The bodies on display with the different body systems is very educational.
As a person who hated science in school, I find this kind of science to be entertaining and educational.
To see the arteries and veins in different parts of the body with the rest dissolved is incredible.
It really helps one understand how it all goes together.
This is an exhibit I'd recommend to anyone.
Since MGM Resorts is having a special, experience 3 attractions for $54, you can see these two and throw in the CSI Experience at the MGM Grand itself.
It's a nice savings.
I was in the area for a play and decided to try something completely different.
After searching Yelp and in spite of the less than outstanding rating, I decided to give DT's Filipino a try.
I looked at the menu for awhile and from the reviews and photos, I had two dishes in mind.
In the end, I ordered pork sisig.
My server seemed a bit surprised and asked if I really wanted the one with the liver.
My answer was yes.
Since it was a cold, rainy day, I ordered Asian coffee instead of an iced drink.
The coffee is merely powdered coffee reconstituted and sweetened to a small degree.
I was brought a plate with a large mound of white rice and then the server brought a plate and the sizzling platter with the sisig inside the covered metal pan.
The pan had the requisite raw egg which i broke and spread among some of the sisig.
There wasn't much sizzle left by the time she got to my table but everything was hot.
The menu descries this sisig as "grilled pork parts and chicken livers sautéed with onions, sweet peppers and jalapeño served on a sizzling plate."
The dish wasn't sizzling as I mentioned and I didn't see many onions or peppers or jalapeños.
The jalapeños I had were some fresh sliced pieces on the top of the sisg.
The dish was missing something so I put fish sauce on and this gave the whole dish a good taste.
Since this was my first sisig, I don't know how authentic it was nor do I have any other place's dish to which I could make a comparison.
After finishing the dish (be prepared to take some home--there is a lot), I couldn't ;eave without trying a Filipino dessert.
I was torn between the halo halo and toron.
While the server thought it was too cold for the halo halo, that's what I went with anyway.
It was quite good and had a good amount of fruit and three pieces of flan.
I was surprised that I was charged an extra $.50 for the flan.
One would think it came with the dessert.
The halo halo was a huge wad of ice in the center with the sweetened condensed milk having been poured over it and there was a good amount of white and mung beans and some other fruit that I can't identify.
Service was quite good.
Charina was very pleasant and she helped this newbie order and looked out for me.
This experience has piqued my interest and now I'll have to try some other Filipino dishes at some other places around town.
I may be going back here on a Thursday night if I can round up some friends for their Thursday kamayan night.
The people on Yelp come through again.
I saw a review for this diner many months ago, bookmarked it, but never went.
The other day before running some errands, I stopped here to have breakfast.
They have a 3 item (your choice) omelette option and I went with that.
I got mushrooms, spinach, and pepper jack cheese.
The omelette came with hash browns and toast.
I opted for rye toast and it was the swirl rye.
The omelette had a large amount of the three items.
Coffee was brought before I ordered an refilled several times.
A few things about the place.
It's small and quaint with Coca Cola memorabilia.
The menu says breakfast is served to 10:30.
I arrived close to 10:30 and the server, Brenda, told me they could stretch the time a bit and that they will make an omelette any time of the day.
The menu is limited.
Don't expect to get stuffed French toast or exotic flavored pancakes.
This is a basic diner with basic diner food well prepared.
The neon sign inside says 50s Diner and I think they go by just The Diner at LVM because of the other 50s diner in town.
Parking is ample in front and the grounds fo the LVM are really nice--at least what you can see from the entrance.
I had a pleasant time sitting at the counter and watching the cook do his thing and just taking in the behind the scenes activities.
Brenda was a fine server and very pleasant woman.
Had it not been for Yelp, I would never have known that there was an LVM Resort or a diner open to the public there.
I was a bit disappointed with this first try of Seranno's tapas restaurant in Aria although the food was very good.
It was the service that was somewhat off.
I decided before I went to try the signature tasting menu--four courses with choices in each section.
First course was a choice of a salad or Castilian soup.
I ordered the soup.
My server came back in a short time to tell me they no longer have that soup, and she showed me a menu from which I could choose from three different dishes.
I opted for the Lobster gazpacho.
The server then said, "You know that's cold, don't you?"
Do I look that much like a rube?
(that's rhetorical!)
The gazpacho was excellent.
Great tomato flavor and there were several pieces of tasty lobster.
Course two was the creamy risotto with wild mushrooms and manchego cheese.
The risotto was very flavorful and very enjoyable!
For the third course, I chose the Crispy chicken breast roulada with sautéed potatoes, pork chorizo, and roasted red pepper.
Very tasty!
Finally, I was allowed to order anything off their dessert menu rather than choose from the two choices on the tasting menu.
I chose the molten chocolate cake, with orange jelly and blood orange sorbet.
I didn't taste any orange jelly.
The sorbet was sitting on top of some chopped mango.
The cake and the sorbet were very tasty.
It's nice they allow you to choose any dessert because they're all the same price.
As for the service, aside from the question about gazpacho mentioned above, I was enjoying the risotto and was not yet finished with it when the server brought the chicken roulada and placed it along side the risotto.
It's not like the place was crowded and they were moving the guests out quickly.
Shouldn't a server check before they bring out a dish like this?
My iced tea was not refilled until it was time to order dessert.
It should have been much sooner.
I wonder why a tapas place like this bothers with a tasting menu.
The dinner was good but it wasn't something that caused me to think that I had to return to this restaurant.
There are too many other places.
My initial reaction was positive when I walked in and saw the nice produce.
After that, everything went downhill.
I needed to get some flavored coffee.
The area was littered with spilled coffee beans from people and the shelf below the holding tubes had four or five bags with different amounts of beans that were just left there.
When I went to add beans to the hopper of the grinder, it was 3/4 full with beans someone had just dumped in there and left.
The top of the grinder where the beans go was filthy with grounds from previously ground beans and loose beans.
The whole area was disgusting.
I didn't buy any coffee here.
Instead, I went to the checkout and left.
When I got home, I looked for one item I knew I had picked up.
It was then I realized she hadn't bagged it and it was still at the store--I guess.
That's my mistake for not checking.
I won't be stopping at this location again.
It's awful!
I am not a standard chicken and waffles fan.
From where I came, chicken and waffles did not have fried chicken.
Rather, the chicken was stewed and the meat was added to the gravy made from the stew juice.
I generally avoid chicken and waffles because of that cultural divide.
I read about Bruxie when the Park was being built and I read about their menu.
It's been bookmarked for almost a year now.
Before the Cirque show at the T-Mobile Arena, I decided to give Bruxie a try.
I looked at the menu and ended up ordering the Nashville style hot chicken waffle.
The menu describes the sandwich this way--Spicy & Smoky Fried Chicken Thigh, Tangy Sauce, Shredded Lettuce, Pickles.
I also ordered an iced tea.
I was given a buzzer and told to sit anywhere I wanted.
They'd bring the food to me when it was ready.
I put the buzzer on the table and went to the area where you get napkins, cutlery, and sweetener.
One of the women brought my tea and said I could have a refill if I wanted.
Shortly after, the woman brought me the metal mini-tray with a cardboard in the bottom for liquids.
I cut the waffle in half and then proceeded to enjoy it.
The waffle was soft with just a small amount of crust.
As I was finishing the second part of the sandwich, the waffle had lost all firmness and it just melted into the food.
As long as I was here, I decided to do it all.
I ordered a dessert waffle and it was a toss up between two but I decided on the Nutella and banana.
It was a bit smaller than the sandwich waffle.
The Nutella was spread on the waffle and then sliced banana was added.
This was good.
Bruxie gives you a fast food option in the area that's different.
I enjoyed my food there.
I would recommend they turn the music down about 20 decibels.
It would have been difficult to carry on a conversation with the loudness of the music.
I might come back and try something else here.
I like the concept.
I've been going to try this place for a long time and finally did so last night.
I had issues with each of the courses, but I am still giving it and A-OK rating as these are students and not professionals yet.
In two sections--food and service--I'll review Technique and for the food I'm using description directly from the menu.
The Food:

A basket of three rolls was brought--one multi-grain, one rye, and one regular roll.
The herbed butter served with them was very good!
Course 1:  I chose the Beef carpaccio with charred beef sirloin.
Shaved Parmesan.
Truffle oil.
Balsamic reduction.
Black pepper.
Field greens.
The salad was very good.
The balsamic reduction dressing was very tasty and the field greens were fresh.
The problem here was with the prep.
The beef was placed on the salad plates some time before the salad was created.
It had then been refrigerated--nearly to freezing it seemed.
As a result, the thin beef slices stuck to the plate.
I can understand the need to avoid exposing the carpaccio to room temperatures, but this was really a cold plate.
The server asked me if I wanted freshly ground pepper and she used the peppermill.
Nice touch.
Course 2:  Pork tenderloin saltimbocca.
prosciutto, sage butter, asparagus, risotto, Marsala semi glacé.
The pork was cooked way too long making its name incorrect.
Instead of being tender, it was difficult to cut and much of the flavor was wrung from the pork.
The prosciutto on top was very good and the risotto was not bad considering it was made in advance and piped from a pastry bag and kept warm in some hit water.
There were two asparagus pieces, a little meager even given the reasonable price of the meal.
The server asked about freshly ground pepper for the main course, too, which was welcome.
Course 3:  Chocolate lava cake.
Peanut butter ganache and vanilla bean ice cream.
The problem with dessert was that the chocolate cake was very dry.
Either it was older or it was baked too much.
The peanut butter ganache was nice and the vanilla bean ice cream was good.
The service:

The woman who served my table greeted me when she came with the menu but did not identify herself by name and she did not tell me the soup of the day nor the catch of the day.
It was when I heard a different server at the table behind me introduce himself by name and then list the unpublished things on the menu that I knew they existed.
My server was attentive, came back during each course to see if everything was OK.  She refilled my iced tea without asking, but I had to request the sweetener a couple of minutes after she brought my glass of iced tea.
I'm not sure if it was the server or the school, but I would recommend not bringing the bill while I'm eating dessert.
Can't it wait?
Also, it really is best to clear the table of dirty dishes before bringing the bill back.
You do need to have some room to put the holder down and sign the charge without moving plates aside.
The removal of used sweetener packets was a fail.
In spite of the things I found wrong with the dinner, I will be going back.
It was interesting watching the students prepare the dishes through the glass of the kitchen.
The food was passable, and hopefully the students and staff from Le Cordon Bleu read reviews and improve from the reviews.
I was told the menu changes every 3 to 4 months.
I'll give it some time and then I'll stop in again!
Edit:  The price is now $18.95 for a 3 course meal and that includes non-alcohol beverage.
Go to a tamale restaurant and not get tamals?
Well, the plan was to try a red and green tamal but that ended when I saw the special for the day - shrimp ceviche tostadas.
There were two to the order.
The citrus used to create the ceviche was excellent.
It was tangy and gave the shrimp a good flavor.
The pieces of shrimp were small in size.
The tostadas came with two lemon sections for extra citrus flavor.
The waiter also brought a bottle of Tapatío without asking.
Great!
Service was very good if not too good.
I was going to get something for dessert but when he noticed I was finished, he brought the bill over and said, "No hurry.
I'll take that when you're ready."
OK!
So I was off to the Mirage for a show and I stopped in my neighborhood for a Baskin-Robbins.
Their loss.
I am going to try the Dona Maria's on Cheyenne nearer home and I will get some tamals.
After my dinner at B&B Burger where no dessert is offered, I walked around the corner to this little spot where I got a pumpkin tart.
The tart was very good and just what I'd expect from Bouchon.
The only problem with this small outlet near the sports book and clock tower is there is no place to sit.
It is almost entirely takeout.
The tart was boxed which wasn't necessary.
I ended up removing the tart from the box and using one of their plastic forks to start eating the tart.
I soon gave up and picked it up and ate it like that.
There's a water dispenser at the bar with the plasticware and sugars/creams for coffee, but it wasn't working.
After finishing, I went to the nearest bathroom in the casino to wash my hands.
A great little pastry and a perfect end to a dinner somewhere else!
Review is for Spring Restaurant Week 2012 menu:

*** 4.5 stars ***

This is truly a throwback to a bygone era.
Classy, old school, soft lighting, nice music quietly playing so you can have a conversation--you know--like the good old days.
Course 1:  The Original Spinning Bowl Salad--Crisp romaine and iceberg lettuce, baby spinach, shredded beets, chopped eggs and croutons, tossed with our exclusive Vintage Dressing (from the Lawry's menu.
The server wheels a cart with a stainless bowl of greens.
This bowl is in a second bowl that has ice to keep the greens chilled.
The server spins the bowl in the ice and lifts the Lawry's salad dressing high and pours it over the spinning bowl.
It's plated and served.
Very old school way of doing things but it's lots of fun.
Course 2:  I chose the Lawry cut of prime rib--a 10 ounce slice of prime rib.
The other option was salmon but why the hell would I come to this restaurant to eat salmon?
The ribs are wheeled in a large covered cart to your table where the server asks you how you want the prime rib done and what sides you want.
I went with the standard mashed potatoes and creamed spinach.
While the chef was cutting the meat and putting the sides together, my server, Mrs. Bender (sort of like Charlotte Rae from "The Facts of Life" TV show) went off to the kitchen to get my Yorkshire pudding, something I haven't had in years.
The chef placed the meat on my table, and she used two forks to cut the pudding into four roughly equal pieces/.
She had already brought a mild and strong horseradish, so I was ready to dig in.
The meat was tender.
No steak knife is needed here and the potatoes and creamed spinach were top notch!
Course 3:  How can you get to dessert and not choose a chocolate bag.
Too bad it wasn't the size of a Macy's shopping bag but you can't have everything!
The menu describes the bag this way:  Filled with a double rich Belgium mousse, fresh assorted berries with a raspberry Chambord sauce, topped with mint and shaved chocolate.
The bag is a rectangular shaped piece of chocolate filled with the goodies described.
It was superb!
The whole experience was pleasant from being greeted at the door and the woman who verified my reservation.
I especially liked the sign telling men to take the damn hats off before entering the dining room.
It's a shame the sign has to be there, but I liked it!
Mrs. Bender was a gem.
She was like a little house mother with her cart, her spinning bowl, her orchestrating the various aspects so the cart got to me and the meat was what I wanted before she dashed to get the Yorkshire pudding.
Service was impeccable.
Note:  The good old days weren't as good as we think they were.
We're just getting older and the past seems a gentler time.
I've been to this property several times for shows, so this review is for the casino and showroom only.
The Excalibur is dated.
I was surprised by the fact that I didn't dislike it as much as I thought I would.
The place is large and finding the steps to the second floor took me awhile, but once I did it, I was able to get to the second floor showroom easily.
I am always surprised by the large number of people that are in the casino.
Even when the economy was at its lowest, the place always seemed to be busy.
The showroom on the second floor, which is shared  by several productions, is a nice enough room.
The long tables with 8 seats per table can be a little uncomfortable as they have them very close to each other.
If the show is good, you don't think of this.
Parking is good in the garage in the back, but it may give you a longer walk to get into the casino.
I generally try to find a surface spot parallel to Trop.
While not one of my favorites on the Strip, the Excalibur is OK for the reasons I go there.
Moko Ramen Bar is the former Moko Asian Bistro that is transitioning to a ramen bar.
I went for lunch/dinner today after seeing a Facebook post from Moko stating they had curry ramen.
I am not a ramen aficionado but I like having soup when it's as cold as it's been the last few days.
I walked in and the owner, WooSuk, greeted me because I've been there a couple of times.
I sat myself at the bar and the server brought me the menu and the sheet where you check the ramen you want and check off any add ons you wish.
She sensed I was a tenderfoot, so she talked me through the procedure and did the checking off for me.
My order was for curry ramen with an extra of homemade chasu.
While waiting for the ramen, I watched Navy pull away in their football bowl game--Anchors Aweigh, my boys, Anchors Aweigh!
In a short time, WooSuk brought me my bowl of ramen.
The noodles were very hot and the curry had a good spiciness.
Mixed in the soup were some bean spouts, spinach, and scallions.
With the soup, I had a diet Coke.
The soup was very filling and quite tasty!
I need to go back and get the pako with my ramen but the curry is excellent!
Delivery is available through a third party not associated with Moko.
***** Review is for summer 2013 Restaurant Week menu *****

I was so glad to look at the Restaurant Week list and see Comme Ça listed.
I've wanted to try this place for a long time now and this made a perfect time to do it.
I went with the 5 course RW menu with the supplemental pan roast of foie gras for an extra charge of $19.
Bread was brought out quickly after we ordered and the thick bread sticks were very hot!!!
Course 1 - I chose the warm asparagus salad.
The salad was a surprise.
On the bottom was the warm asparagus spears.
They were topped with mixed greens and the black truffle salumi was sprinkled on top.
To the side was a poached egg with Hollandaise.
It was an interesting and flavorful way to make a salad.
Course 2 - I got the roasted bone marrow with oxtail jam.
What delicious food and what a lot to eat!
The roasted bone had some coarsely ground salt on the side and the oxtail jam was a large serving of meat with some greens on top and slices of small toasted bread around the edge of the ramekin that held the jam.
Course - 3 The supplemental roast of foie gras with vanilla bread pudding, foie gras and a goie gras "cherry bomb" was next.
The roasted foie gras was on the vanilla bread pudding and the "cherry bomb" was another piece of foie gras with a glacé colored red and a cherry pit coming from the "cherry bomb."
Very tasty and a nice play on the firework.
Course 4 - Parisian gnocchi with braised lamb neck and goat cheese with some fava beans.
It was good.
Course 5 - Peach pie with almond streusel and rum raisin ice cream.
The whole meal was very nice and quite interesting the way the chef planned the food and its presentation.
One of the things that stood out were the rich sauces with the food.
There was a lot of effort into getting those tasty sauces with the courses.
The items on the RW menu are available from the everyday summer menu but I doubt I would have ordered them as separates if they hadn't been packaged like this for Restaurant Week.
Our server, Sabrina, was a very pleasant woman.
She looked after our table.
It wasn't too hard as last night was a very sparse night even when we left around 7 PM.
It seemed like all the restaurants at that section of the Cosmopolitan were low on customers.
The kitchen seemed slow.
It took almost 2 hours for this meal, something I'd expect from a multi-course meal at a restaurant when I'm doing a tasting menu of this or more courses.
The wait sometimes was welcomed but then grew too long at other times.
The views out the windows toward Planet Hollywood and Paris were great!
What more could you want except to be sitting at an outside table.
A nice way to finish Restaurant Week with a meal here and then "A Streetcar Named Desire" at a community theatre a few miles from there.
Addendum:  My wife, who's very food challenged and resists trying anything new, ordered the Comme Ça burger, a large burger with cheddar cheese and slaw and a HUGE order of French fries.
She liked it very much and even took a small taste of my bone marrow!
Score one for change!
Sabrina asked when we wanted her burger brought so she wasn't sitting there already long done waiting for me to finish.
She got her burger at my foie gras course and it worked perfectly!
I got what I wanted after looking for quite awhile--both for someone to get help and then trying to find the place she told me to go.
The aisles are not too well marked for items like a grocery store aisle, so I had to search for another time.
I would advise bringing your spouse who probably knows a hell of a lot more than you do and let them help you!
Review for casino only:  I have a like/dislike feeling for the casino.
The casino is relatively small and easy to navigate once you know the layout and develop tricks for getting from one area to another the quickest way.
I do like some of the games they have in video poker, but they have a limited inventory in my favorite-Spin Poker.
I also find that there seems to be a lot of older women who like to smoke and bang the keys.
No wonder so many machines show problems with their buttons.
Generally, the casino is a fairly quiet place.
Today it was not so quiet.
it just got to me today.
With so many other choices, this is one of the last places I choose to go.
I was here today to meet friends for dinner and the Promenade Cafe.
Otherwise, I wouldn't have been near the place.
I made a reservation for 6 PM and arrived a few minutes in advance.
I was shown to a table in the bar area which was OK because I watched the baseball game during the meal.
I ordered my iced tea, got some bread, and got ready to enjoy a steak.
I only ate one piece of bread--the salted pretzel bread.
Very good.
I started with a lobster chowder which was a lot like New England clam chowder but with lobster.
There was a good amount of lobster and the chowder was good.
Next, I had the bone in ribeye cooked blue.
The waiter said they averaged 22 to 24 ounces with the bone.
It was a nicely cooked large steak done almost perfectly.
The steak evidently wasn't pre-seasoned with any salt and pepper and I found myself putting salt on the steak.
As a side, I got the grilled corn with chipotle mayo.
That was the standout dish of the night.
The mayo and a nice spicy kick from the chipotle and when mixed into the corn, it made for a great side.
For dessert, they bring a cart to your table and show you the goods.
I went with the carrot cake.
The cake was quite large and it was very good.
The interesting thing about the carrot cake were the thin carrot shreds that were lightly candied giving a crunchy texture to the cake.
It almost seemed like the carrot shreds had been fried although they weren't.
Very nice touch.
Service was very good throughout.
My iced tea was refilled without needing to ask.
There's one suggestion I'd make.
I know you want to show an open restaurant to your clients, but when I'm in a casino steakhouse, I'd rather have the doors shut so I don't listen to slot machine sounds during dinner.
The Charcoal Room is OK.
I've wanted to try Ku Noodle since the SLS opened.
I saw Ku was the restaurant for the Sunday 50% off for Nevada residents so I made a reservation and went along with the recommendation of a good friend.
Shortly after being seated, while I was looking at the menu once again, two friends from Yelp--some of the first people I met when I first started Yelping--were leaving and stopped by to say hello.
They then pointed oiut the two best dishes in their opinion.
Who was I to disagree with that?
I started with a Thai iced tea and some water and then ordered two items--shrimp and pork siu mai and Hakka fried rice pot.
The shrimp and porl siu mai have a nice blend of jicama, mushroom, peanut, shrimp, and pork.
The dumplings were topped with some gold leaf.
At the same time the dumplings were brought, a server came with the rice hot pot which is finished at the table.
The rice is in an extremely hot pot and the server adds chile sauce for spiciness (if you want), mushrooms, and soy broth.
The server mixes the rice, vegetables, pork belly, and sausage with the items he put in.
The pot is left with two spoons for getting this richness out.
From then it was having one siu mai, some fried rice, one siu mai...repeat.
Both dishes were very good.
The Hakka fried rice comes in two sizes, regular and a 1/2 size for someone dining alone like myself.
My server asked me about dessert and I had been prompted by all to enjoy the shaved ice but I wasn't sure I could finish the large bowl it comes in.
My server told me they now have a smaller portion of the shaved ice.
Bingo.
Dessert for me.
I got a small order of the shaved ice and I chose the malted milk topping, crispy chocolate pearls, Maldon salt, and bacon for the three additional toppings and I got chocolate sauce drizzled on top.
This shaved ice is like nothing I've had before.
It's almost like ice cream it's so rich.
The toppings were all good and the smaller size was perfect.
Service was excellent.
The servers were attentive and helpful with suggestions and I appreciated their help with letting me know about the smaller portions.
With 50% off the total, the meal was a bargain when compared to normal prices.
Now I can go back sometime and try the noodles.
They sound so good.
This was the second time I saw Jersey Boys and enjoyed it a lot!
I went to the early show tonight because an acquaintance, Travis Cloer, does the Frankie Valli part.
The show was as fresh and alive as the first time I saw it.
I love the music, the story, and reminds me of the songs I played often when I was younger.
The show is high energy, past paced, and very well written.
There is an 8 minute break just over an hour into the show which is a nice touch for Las Vegas shows.
The graphics that fly in and out are great.
The brass players in the band are especially strong!
This is one Las Vegas show you should put on your short list if you haven't yet seen it!
This restaurant just opened 3 days ago, so there were some glitches and service was a bit shaky because there were two people trying to serve the tables and orders were mixed up a bit.
They have both lunch and dinner buffets.
Lunch is $7.99 and dinner is $9.99.
The weekend buffet goes to $11.99 and I don't know if there is anything different to make weekends more expensive.
I had the buffet and my wife had Saag Chicken.
Her dish was very good.
She asked for it not spicy at all.
There was some spiciness, but she could live with that and it's good that she is growing in her tastes.
The buffet was good except for a major glitch which soon smoothed out.
Something happened to the heated water under the steamers, and some of the food had cooled somewhat before they got it back up to piping hot.
I won't remember all the dishes but they had vegetable samosa, a spicy lentil dish, chana masala, aloo palak, jeera rice, chicken korma, tandoori chicken, chili beef, and gulab jamon.
Except for the temperature issue, the buffet food was quite good.
I tried some dishes I have never had and it was all good.
The gulab jamon was outstanding - the first time I've had this dessert.
One issue we had was with an order of garlic nan.
There was no garlic.
There was a mixup in orders.
He deleted the amount from the bill.
We will be returning and it's close to home, so I can to take out, too.
The brochure syas they have live music and karaoke Thursday through Sunday.
The owner promised to play something for us, but he got too busy helping out.
This is a small suite in the Village Square Plaza a few doors east of the Regal Cinemas and next door to the Coldstone Creamery store.
Capacity is rated at 65 people, so it's a small place.
If you go to their website, you can download their menu as an Excel spreadsheet.
This is a two and a half hour "tour" that begins at the Royal Resort on Convention Center Drive, and it covers much of the history of Las Vegas when the Mob had tremendous influence and controlled much.
Much of the tour consists of sitting on the bus in the shade of some buildings while the tour director describes mob activities and shows photos and video on the flat panel at the front of the bus.
The first talk was about 15 minutes as we sat in the shade of the buildings west of the Royal Resort.
We then took a circuitous route down Convention Center Drive, made a left on Paradise, went to Sahara where we made a right, turned right on Joe W. Brown and then parked in the shade of the Las Vegas Hilton near its Sports Book entrance.
From there we went back down Joe W. to karen to Maryland to Sahara to Tony Roma's where Frank Rosenthal survived a car bombing attempt on October 4, 1982.
See what I mean about how the "tour" goes.
For a local, it was awful to see the roundabout way we were going.
As a tourist, I might not have noticed.
The material offered during the tour is excellent.
There just isn't enough to see on the tour.
The only place we got out of the bus and toured anything was the last place, the Flamingo Hotel, where we walked to Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel's Garden.
Now that I know where it is I'll be back to see it in daylight.
We were fortunate to have as our narrator Dennis Griffin, the author of several books.
He has a lot of knowledge.
I'm glad I had a Groupon for this experience.
Calico Tanks is a moderate 2.5 mile out and back hike at Red Rock Canyon.
To get to the trailhead, take the Scenic Drive to the 3rd parking area, Sandstone Quarry, and hike the trail that goes out from the west end of the parking lot by the wooden fence posts.
There is about 500 foot elevation gain/loss.
Some of the trail is packed gravel, some is soft sand, some is made up of large rocks that make you watch your footing carefully, and some of the hike is going over sandstone.
In short, this hike has a little something of every kind of terrain.
And, if you're lucky, you'll see some water in the tanks (natural depressions or erosion of the sandstone) that hold water until it evaporates.
After you start hiking, you'll pass an historically significant area where there once was a quarrying operation in the early 1900s.
Stop and look at the blocks abandoned there around 1913 and read the interpretive marker about "The Big Devil."
From here the hike crosses a double wash and then continues until you reach a fork in the trail and Calico Tanks goes off to the right.
You'll come around the back of the sandstone you see in the parking lot and you enter a canyon with sandstone walls on both sides.
The trail is fairly evident most of the way.
There are a few places that people have placed cairns to help guide you.
As long as you're going up the canyon, you'll be OK.
The worst that can happen is you get yourself in an area where you're stuck on a ledge.
You may have to retrace your steps and go the other side of the sandy area,

The payoff is reaching the large tank at the end of the trail.
Today, January 1, 2011, there was a large amount of water in the tank from our recent rains.
The top had a good coating of ice.
Enjoy the tank which is dry most of the year.
Then head a little more east and you'll get to an overlook where you can see the Las Vegas Valley.
There are two routes to accomplish this:  1) go along the base of the tank and climb the rocks up the small chute on the opposite side; or, 2) when you reach the tank, stay high on the hill on the right and boulder scramble along a path that leads you to the same area.
Take what you find easiest.
This is a good place to have a snack and to do some exploring.
Retrace your steps to the parking area.
Before you get back to the trail junction with the Turtlehead Peak trail, you'll see and interpretive marker on your right hand side.
This is for an Indian roasting pit.
It's a mound beyond the marker where they cooked their food using the agave plant which is common in Red Rock.
Make sure you see this historical spot, too!
TIP:  This is one of the most popular trails at Red Rock Canyon, so if you go on a weekend, get there early as the parking lot fills up quickly.
I have put the GPS tracks on EveryTrail at this link:  http://www.everytrail.com/view_trip.php?trip_id=921688



Happy hiking!
Seven of us gathered here to share several dishes.
We ordered:

Crab fried rice
Crab curry with vermicelli noodles
Grilled pork skewers
Northern Thai spicy pork sausage
Duck curry
Pork and pineapple curry
Crispy pork hock
Fried pork belly
Chicken wings
Catfish curry
Larb moo- ground pork
Two honey toast - one which vanilla and one with chocolate ice cream
Shaved ice
Bread with pandan custard

Chada Street's emphasis is on Thai street food served in a small plates manner.
My favorites of the dishes we tried were the pork sausage, crab fried rice, duck curry, catfish curry, and larb.
All were flavorful and I would order any of them again.
The crab curry was very good but would have been better served with rice than vermicelli noodles.
They varied a little in spice level but I'd say medium spiciness for most people.
The honey toast was OK with my favorite topping being the vanilla ice cream.
The dishes I was not as impressed with were the pork belly--it needs to be crispier, the pork skewers were OK but nothing special, and I thought the pork hock was the biggest let down of the meal.
Except for the fatty outside section in one area, it just didn't do anything for me.
Service was a mixed bag.
On ordering the many dishes, it was asked that the dishes be coursed out and not brought all at once.
We were finishing the first dishes when some more were brought and almost immediately three more were brought out.
We reused them and they were taken back to the kitchen.
At first we had to ask for clean share plates.
Later in the meal, they changed them without asking and they provided some clean silverware.
Make sure you get the limenade.
It's a very tasty, refreshing citrus drink.
Too bad they ran out just before I ordered a second glass so I made do with water.
I stopped here before going to the Smith Center to see a show.
I was the only one in the restaurant during the entire time I was there, so things were quiet and service was excellent.
After checking the menu--it's different than the one online--I ordered a small bowl of Tom Yum soup.
For the main course, I ordered soft shell crab pad pong karee.
I also ordered a Thai iced coffee.
When I was asked for the spiciness of both dishes, I was given a scale of mild, medium, or spicy.
I asked for medium to spicy and the server said I'll put medium ++.
My receipt shows them both as medium.
Before ordering, I was brought three fried wonton pieces with chile sweet and sour sauce much like noodles in a Chinese restaurant.
The iced coffee and a glass of water and a carafe of water were brought.
There was a fresh rose in a glass on the table.
When my soup came, it was perfect.
The right size for a person dining alone and seasoned spicier than medium but not burn your mouth hot.
The broth was excellent.
The soup was not overwhelmed with lemongrass as some Thai places do.
This was an auspicious start to the evening!
Then the soft shell crab was brought along with a small bowl of rice.
The spiciness of the crab was opposite the soup.
In fact, there was little flavor to the sauce itself.
The flavor of the dish came from the crab and the vegetables in the dish.
On a scale of 1 to 5 for spiciness, this dish was 0.
This was a big disappointment!
I should have ordered the duck as I was planning.
I ordered the sweet sensation banana Thai pancake with Thai iced tea ice cream.
The dessert was fine.
The pancake was tough and the ice cream had little taste.
The presentation was excellent with a small square of chocolate with the Arawan logo on it.
Service was excellent and not simply because I was the only person there.
I can see the people giving courteous and friendly service to all customers.
The room is nicely done aand so open compared to the restaurant it replaced.
I'm not sure if I will return.
There are so many good Thai restaurants that we have to choose from and there's no reason to accept an entrée lacking as much as this was.
I've stopped at this outlet a few times and I enjoy it quite a bit.
There's a good amount of table space and the wifi is available as it is at all Starbucks.
The only drawback to this location is its location.
It's a pain to get in and out sometimes because you have to cross traffic on Rainbow Boulevard.
You also have to know to come out a different driveway if you're going north on Rainbow.
Once you know, though, it's OK.
I took my car to Bumpermedic and they did a great job of fixing the dent and deep gashes in the rear quarter panel.
Because of the painting and the fact it was the metal area and not the plastic bumper, they needed the car for 3 days.
They were done early on the 3rd day and I got a call letting me know they were finished.
The price was good, the work was great, and I can't recommend this company more.
I am very pleased with their work!
Before the Las Vegas Great Santa Run, I had breakfast at Stewart + Ogden.
It wasn't busy at all and the hostess took me to a seat immediately and gave me a menu.
She came back quickly with a complimentary copy of the Review Journal for reading then or taking with me.
My server came by the table quickly and asked about coffee and i soon had a hot cup of coffee on that cold morning.
It was refilled several times in the time I was there.
I ordred the fried green tomato Benny--eggs Benedict made a different way.
The base is not an English muffin but two slices of green tomatoes, breaded and fried, topped with lump crab meat, and topped by two poached eggs and a remoulade sauce that had a nice zing.
The Benny was served with a small field green salad.
The breakfast was very good.
I liked having a Benedict done a different way.
The thing that got me about Stewart + Ogden was the staff.
Everyone worked together.
Although I had a server, not one person went by with a coffee pot that didn't stop to ask me if I needed a refill.
Also, the staff were all very polite and pleasant people who seemed genuinely happy to have you in their restaurant.
It was a very nice feeling.
Stewart + Ogden is a little pricey--it's not your bargain breakfast, but if you're looking for something different and outstanding service, I recommend Stewart + & Ogden highly.
Oh, and their menu stating the legend of this being near where Archibald Stewart and Peter Ogden once shared a meal is probably a made up legend for the new Downtown Grand.
It sounds good, but it's unlikely!
I've stopped here a few times, but it's a long distance from where I live.
There were several items not in stock.
Perhaps they sold a lot over the weekend, but it didn't look like they had enough shelf space.
I really have to say the store had less stock than the two I'm accustomed to.
I won't be eager to return.
I had the chance to take a private, guided tour of the museum on the second floor of the Polaroid Fotobar.
I enjoyed it very much.
I grew up having several different models of Polaroid cameras in our house, so some of it was something of which I was aware.
The Warhol section of the museum was really interesting.
I didn't know that Warhol did so much with the Polaroid and it was good to look at the photos on the wall of celebrities that he and photographed.
Our guide was well versed in all things Polaroid and was able to answer any of the questions put to him by members of the group.
I looked at some of the items for sale on the first floor but there was nothing that particularly caught my eye so I left having had a good time learning more about Edwin Land and his vision for the company.
I'd recommend this for someone who wants to learn some history of how photography got to where it is today.
I've seen Zumanity twice and I enjoyed it both times.
I would describe it as a sensuous show, not a sexy one.
It's not a traditional Cirque show, but then, Cirque is breaking the mold with their newer shows, so there is less of a traditional show now unless you go back to the original Strip production of Mystère.
The outfits, gymnastics, and dancing in Zumanity make it very inviting.
There are also some very funny parts that break up the more serious acts.
Don't be shy and avoid Zumantiy.
Give it a whirl.
Mingo has been on my list since it opened.
With its close proximity to the Art Square Theatre, I had always planned to go there before a play.
That's what I did last night.
I got there a little after 6 PM and I found out that Happy Hour was until 7 PM.
I ordered the Notorious P.I.G.
which is a hot dog with bacon, pickled jalapeño rounds, and horseradish macaroni and cheese all on a hot dog bun.
It was quite good.
The hot dog was grilled and the bacon and jalapeño slices added to the flavor.
I didn't taste much horseradish in the mac and cheese.
I was hoping for a kick, but it just wasn't there.
Along with Notorious P.I.G., I ordered a side of fries.
These were great!
Nicely seasoned with just the right amount of salt.
Very flavorful.
Of course, I couldn't leave without dessert so I ordered their chocolate crunch which is about a 2 inch by 1 1/2 inch round of chocolate mousse that has been covered with melted chocolate and then hardened.
You crack through the chocolate exterior--the crunch--to get to the mousse inside.
It was very good.
There was some mango syrup on the plate and a few slices of fresh strawberry.
A great ending to the meal.
Service was good.
My server, Eddie, was around to refill my iced tea several times and was very helpful.
The place is relatively small.
When I come back, I'll opt for a high top table.
Where I sat was very comfortable until you eat.
You sit low and have to lean forward and up to reach the table.
I have only made one stop here, and that was to buy some bagels.
I had a sesame bagel this morning and it was OK.  Service was quick and the person who took my order was very pleasant and courteous.
My only complaint about the place is the same for any storefront in this area.
The parking can be a bear.
Wanting something sweet after eating at home and on the way to a show, I decided to try this crêpe house that I had bookmarked for awhile.
I had read some of the reviews before going so I knew how to order.
The problem was finding the place.
Hidden from Fort Apache, the shop is behind the Roberto's Taco store and north of Taco Bell.
After being greeted warmly, I picked up the slip and marked the things I wanted for my crêpe.
I checked banana and blueberries topped with chocolate and Nutella with powdered sugar and cookies and cream ice cream.
I ordered it medium.
That's the only thing I'd do differently.
It was made medium but I would have preferred the soft texture more--my decision, my error!
In a short time, a young woman brought my dish and away I went.
It was a very enjoyable dessert.
Gee, I'm glad I had nothing sweet in the house.
The staff was very nice.
As I was eating, a gentleman came around and checked on me and some others in the shop.
That was good customer service and care.
I think I need to return and try one of their savory crêpes.
That would be dinner,.
I was on my way to Archi's Thai Cafe once again for dinner, but I changed at the last minute and decided to try Rising Sun.
I've been by there many, many times and just never tried it although I wanted to.
I was pleased with the two rolls I got  --  a Rising Sun and a Red Dragon.
The Rising Sun was with shrimp, lobster, and crab rolled in thinly sliced cucumber.
The Red Dragon was spicy tuna with avocado and cream cheese.
Both were very good, but I thought the rolls were pricey for what you got.
$32.90 for two rolls and an iced tea.
The knife work of the sushi chef in making the Rising Sun was fantastic.
Slicing the cucumber extremely thin to make it the wrapper looked simple to him.
I guess that and the good flavors -- I won't take anything away from the place for the quality, was what I paid for.
Next time, I'll go to Oyshi  and have AYCE sushi, done well, too, at less than what I paid for two rolls.
I've taken my shirts here for a number of years and they have always been cleaned well, promptly, and at a price I find acceptable.
It's close to home and I'll continue to go here.
Bazaar Meat by José Andrés has a summer tasting menu with fewer items than their three normal tasting menus.
This was my chance to give Bazaar a try.
I was seated at a long bar that has two sushi style refrigerated cabinets and I was able to watch two of the chefs cut very thin slices from the Iberico ham and make steak tartare.
I was soon brought the iced tea I ordered and it was refilled several times during my time there.
I was given the three tasting menus and the huge regular menu.
I already knew I wanted the summer tasting menu and I asked my server, Edward, about it.
He was going to retrieve one for me but I knew that was what I wanted so he merely took my order afgter asking how I wanted my chateaubriand cooked and if I had any food allergies.
The first thing brought to me was the giant pork skin chicharrón in some white butcher paper.
After seeing the huge piece of chicharrón, the person took a mallet and whacked the pork skin so it was broken into more manageable pieces to eat.
It was served with Greek yogurt that was almost foamy and both the pork rind and the yogurt were dusted with za'atar spices.
It was very good.
Next up was a trip of small bites--a bagel and lox cone, a liquid green olive, and an olive stuffed with piquillo pepper and anchovy.
The cone was made was made from bagel dough and was filled with cream cheese and topped with salmon row.
The olives were both good but the stuffed one was the best.
Next up were 6 croquetas de jamón, small fried balls stuffed with béchamel with Iberico ham.
These were excellent.
There was a lot of béchamel flavoring but the ham flavor was not quite there.
The next item was an Italian grissini--a long breadstick--that was wrapped with very thinly sliced beef and served with a caramelized onion purée.
Really good.
Then the chateaubriand was brought.
The hot plate was put on a raised wooden platform and the server put two of the slices on my plate and spooned perigord sauce over the pieces.
There was also a folded napkin filled with pomme soufflé.
These were puffed potatoes like 4D potato chips.
The steak was seasoned perfectly with just the right amount of salt and pepper.
Along with all of this was a serving of Robuchon potatoes which the menu describes as "butter, butter, more butter, some potatoes.
It was creamy and delightful!!
Still one more accompaniment to the main course was some grilled asparagus on Romesco sauce.
After this, I was brought three small desserts--a lemon meringue tart, a chocolate cream puff, and a chocolate bon bon.
Almost everything was very good but I'd subtract some for the deserts.
There's nothing creative there.
These type of small tarts and cream puffs are what you'd find on a higher end buffet line and was so out of character with the rest of the meal.
Service was excellent.
Edward refilled my iced tea often and was always around for anything I might need.
One thing of note, as I was watching the one cook making steak tartare, he would put a small tasting fork into the mixture and check the flavor and then tossed the fork.
I told him if he wanted a third party, neutral taster, I'd volunteer.
Just after my dessert was brought, he handed over the counter a steak tartar slider with a raw quail egg.
A really nice gesture and a perfect ending to a fun and flavorful meal.
This gave me a chance to try some of Bazaar's food in smaller portions.
I recommend trying the summer tasting menu.
From the first time I saw Hoover Dam, I have been in awe of the people and technology of the day that accomplished this grand feat and helped to make the desert green.
Imagine, finished under budget and two years earlier than projected.
This was a stunning achievement in the 1930s and remains that right up to today.
The new bypass bridge, the O'Callaghan-Tillman Memorial Bridge, is a wonderful spot to walk and get a view of the dam.
I have walked the bridge 3 times, and I am amazed by the construction of this beautiful bridge.
It makes Black Canyon look spectacular!
This is a neighborhood park.
It's truly a neighborhood park because there is no parking anywhere at the park or within a mile or so of the park.
It can only be gotten to by walking from one of the neighborhoods nearby or riding a bike like I've done several times.
The neighborhoods nearby are all gated communities on the TCP courses so it's unlikely you can park in one of them.
The walkway is only 8/10 of a mile but it is lined with benches, has wonderful desert landscaping, and from the park you have a good view of the city in the distance.
Every 1/10 of a mile on the paved trail, there's a section of smooth concrete with added animal foot prints.
This  is a way of knowing how far or how fast you're walking the trail.
I'm not sure if there are plans to ever put a parking area here, but eventually, this trail is supposed to connect with the Angel Park Trail and then it would be available to more people.
Until such time, live nearby, walk a fair distance, or get on your bike and ride!
It's a pretty place.
This Starbuck's would get a 4 star rating except for its location.
It's tucked away in the corner of a shopping plaza.
There is a nice sitting area along Green Valley Parkway, but I wasn't interested in sitting today.
I wanted to get my drink and be gone.
The staff was quite pleasant and efficient.
I can give this the best rating without even thinking about it.
I met a friend from Arizona at Babycakes this morning for a breakfast of Red Velvet pancakes.
We each got the short stack.
The three cakes come with a dollop of whipped cream and a container of liquid cream cheese.
I thought I detected a slight vanilla flavor in the cream cheese.
It was divine!
There was also a sprinkling of mini chocolate pieces that melted from the warmth of the pancakes!
I had coffee and my friend had Coke.
Service was wonderful!
Our server had a great smile and was right on top of everything.
I had a coffee refill almost before I knew I wanted one.
I will be back to try some other items on the menu.
Being able to go on weekdays lessens the worry about waiting although we met at 8:30 and the place was almost filled - it is small - before 9.
I stopped today and finally got my Delimanjoo pastries - a small box of 24 miniature, custard filled delights.
I also got a chai milk tea with boba.
It was great!
When my wife asked for a taste, she said, :I want one of those."
Oh well, I'll just have to stop again!
The owners here are super friendly.
It's been two months since I was here and he remembered that I wanted the pastries.
I watched as the machine filled the small molds and he removed them with his tongs at the end of the baking.
I'll be back.
This place is great.
Thanks, Nelson!
I have been to Le Village buffet a number of times but it has always been for lunch or dinner.
Today, I met some friends from the East who I was taking hiking at Mount Charleston and we decided to have breakfast here.
It was a good choice.
We were there when it opened at 7 AM, and we were the first at the omelette/fresh egg station.
I got an omelette made with mushrooms, spinach, jalapeños, and cheese.
The omelette was quickly done by the cook and it was very good.
I also had a few slices of bacon.
It was not crisp nor limp but somewhere in between.
Now it was time for dessert.
I walked over to the crèpe section.
I studied the list of crèpes and decided on the second one, the crèpe made with fresh strawberries, raspberries, and blueberries.
The cook poured the batter, spread it around the griddle with his little crèpe plow, evening out the batter so it was a thin pancake on the griddle.
He turned it and then filled it with the fruit listed above.
After folding it expertly, he topped it with some fresh whipped cream and then spread some raspberry coulis on the whipped cream.
The crèpe was so hot, the whipped cream slid off as I walked back to the table.
I thoroughly enjoyed breakfast here.
Service was good and the individual stations had great choices.
I could go back again and have several completely different things.
This is a very strong breakfast buffet!
My sweet tooth was acting up today and I decided to stop at Sugars.
It's about a mile from home - almost too convenient.
I got two cupcakes, the Red Velvet and the Carrot cake.
The icing ratio on the Red Velvet was fine, and the icing was tasty.
On the other hand, the Carrot cake with cream cheese frosting and filling was quite sweet.
Mind you, my sweet tooth didn't care, but it could have been toned down a bit.
The cream cheese filling was so heavy the cupcake was split in half and I couldn't pick it up without it breaking into two pieces.
The cupcakes were baked correctly and they were moist.
Except for the filling of the carrot cake cupcake, everything was fine.
I think they're a bit pricey at $2.50 each for a rather small cupcake.
I won't be here often, but maybe now and then for a fix will be fine.
We were meeting friends for dinner, so we went a bit early and played some video poker until it was time to meet.
The casino is a pleasant enough place.
It's laid out conveniently from the 21 parking deck to get to the casino and the buffet.
My only negative about the place was in the bank I was playing, there were a couple of machines that had maintenance issues.
Is the management aware that a machine that refuses to accept cash or TITOs is not much of a grosser for the casino?
I was ready to give up and go to the Sports Book and watch a game when one machine finally decided take my money for play.
I hope they get to these machines and don't let more slip into disrepair.
To me, that's a sign of sloppy management which one sees evidenced in other aspects of the property.
Come on GVR, get on the ball!
On a very positive note, the cocktail waitress was around 3 times in the brief time I was playing.
She knew how to do the job pleasantly and well!
We were in the area and decided to stop at this Starbucks.
The staff was super friendly and competent.
It may the stop so pleasant.
Wireless, of course, allowed to me to download their new app without using my own data time.
Kudos to Starbucks for this freebie.
This was a welcome sight along Durango as we returned from our hike at Mount Charleston.
The staff was very pleasant and my quad, iced espresso was ready quickly.
I checked my email using their wifi and then I was on my way!
Good stop!
I've been to this casino a few times for shows at the Joint--both the old and new versions of the Joint.
This is not my go to place.
I don't fit their demographic at all.
However, it is nice to stop by here every now and then and watch the beautiful ladies as they head hither and yon.
There are some fine looking women.
I stopped at the Hard Rock today to have breakfast at the Pink Taco.
I parked in the new garage and I saw how the casino was expanded when the new tower and garage were added.
It's not the small, circular casino it once was.
I did take a few minutes to look at some of the rock memorabilia especially the Jimi Hendrix things near the doors to the garage.
It's an OK place but it's not for me.
4.5 stars

I had dinner here on Sunday (1/22/12).
I made a reservation for 4 PM and was seated promptly.
I was asked by the maitre d' for my choice of watching football or watching people.
When I chose football, he showed me to a high top table in the front of the bar area.
Directly in front of me was a flat screen with the 49ers/Giants game.
During commercials, I could look out to the patio in the Forum Shoppes and people watch.
Since I chose this early time, the menu given me was the lunch menu.
I was told I could order from the dinner menu if I wanted, but the server didn't go to get a dinner menu.
It was just as well.
I ordered a cup of Stone Crab Bisque, the 12 ounce New York Strip Steak, and an individual portion of sautéed garlic spinach as my side.
For dessert, I got a half portion of their Peanut Butter Pie with hot fudge.
The soup was quite good.
The cup was just the right size.
The steak was superb!
It was charred on both sides and very rare inside--just as I ordered.
With it, they brought a small container of seasonings--ground salt, dried garlic, and other spices--to add to the steak.
It was great!!
The garlic spinach was also excellent.
Finally, the server told me that they had half-sized portions of dessert.
That's what I got, and it was more than enough to finish the meal.
Two reasons for the 1/2 star deduction from a full five.
One, since it was lunch, I guess, the bread selection wasn't a selection.
I was brought 2 small rolls, something I could buy in any grocery section.
That was quite disappointing.
Also, I waited about 10 minutes before the server first came to talk to me about ordering.
Since I was in no hurry, and I was watching the game, this was no problem.
Still, someone should have stopped by to assure me my server would be along.
It was busy, but not that busy.
I was to Shake Shack once before but that was for a Yelp event.
I came back to try the place when it wasn't as crowded and busy as when I was there the first time.
Since we were served at the Yelp event, I didn't know the routine of entering the right doors, placing your order, getting your buzzer, and then waiting for the food to be ready.
A gentleman leaving told me to go in the other door and order there.
After looking at the menu for a short time, I got two SmokeShack burgers--cheeseburgers with bacon, chopped cherry pepper, and ShackSauce.
I ordered two fries with cheese.
I also ordered two regular iced teas.
I then took the buzzer, took my seat, and waited for for the buzzer to go off.
There was no drink until you picked up the order which is a minus for me.
I could have gotten some ice water but why no drink while you sit there?
In a reasonable amount of time, the buzzer went off and I collected dinner for the two of us from the pick up area.
The burgers were OK.
The bacon was good as was the tang from the cherry peppers but I got no flavor from the ShackSauce at all.
It was a colossal mistake to get the cheese fries.
That was partially my fault.
I should never order fries with any topping.
The cheese on these fries was overwhelming and it made the somewhat soggy fries even more so.
Naked fries as the best fries in my book.
Before we were finished, the fries were a soggy heap that would have made good food fight material.
We decided we'd try a concrete for dessert.
My wife wanted the Red Velvet and I got the S'mores.
After ordering, the counter critter told me their regular blender wasn't working and that the concrete would have the normal mix ins on top.
Really, one of your claims to fame is your concrete and you have one blender.
That's like saying our regular grill is broken.
Is a frozen patty OK?
They weren't concretes and even if the accoutrements had been mixed in, I don't see how this frozen custard could ever be called "concrete."
In summation, it was worth a try.
There are so many better options where you can get your own drinks and refills.
And, you don't have to go through the ordering line all over again.
I stopped in today to try some gelato.
I had the peach which was quite good.
I also bought 5 assorted macarons and brought home to enjoy the next few days.
I wonder if they'll last a few days or not.
Yong, the young man who waited on me, was excellent.
I really enjoyed my stop.
I wish it wasn't so far from the Aria garage here, but it's worth the walk.
Nevada residents get a discount.
Show your ID.
Walking through the NY NY casino last night on my way to the MGM Grand, I noticed Hershey's Chocolate World and I knew it had opened from news reports here.
On my way back from dinner, I knew I'd have to check it out.
I entered the store on the second floor from the pedestrian bridge across Las Vegas Boulevard.
Everything on the second floor is Reese's or Jolly Rancher--clothes, candy, souvenirs--you name it, they'll have something.
I took the stairs to the first floor and saw more things for sale, mostly to do with Hershey Kisses.
There's one area where you can choose your own flavor(s) of Kisses in as much as you want plastic bag.
I also looked at the baked goods in the case.
They were very tempting until I saw the price.
A white chocolate, raspberry scone sounds good but seeing the price of all scones at $6, I decided to pass.
This is really what you call Strip pricing!
The highlight for me was seeing the Statue of Liberty made out of Hershey's chocolate.
This is an interesting place with a lot of things to buy all Hershey related.
For tourists, it might be a place to get something as a souvenir.
For a local, if I'm going to buy Hershey's candy, I'll buy it in my local grocery store and pay 1/2 what I would here.
It was a bit of a nostalgia stop for me.
I spent many hours as a youngster at Hershey Park in Hershey, PA so it's a name I've known for many years.
Now, if they could only replicate the smell of chocolate in the store like you get in Hershey, PA, that would be a coup!
I got my chance to try Le Thai when I was downtown last night.
I had read the Yelp reviews that gave this place a great rating, and I had to give it a go.
I got the Tom Kha soup with chicken - spicy level 3.
The soup was fantastic.
The 3 was the correct spiciness.
I could have gone with 4 as it turned out, but it might have been to overwhelming.
The stock was wonderful.
The seasonings were right on, and the top had a good number of mushrooms slices floating on it.
I think it needed some more chicken, but for the price, it was quite good the way it was.
As others have noted, this is a very small place.
About ten tables in a small area with two side seating bars each holding 5 people.
It's a pleasant space with nice wicker chairs.
Service was quick and pleasant.
This is certainly worth a re-visit to try one of the noodle dishes.
I generally meet a friend for lunch once a month and this month we went to PS 702 in Downtown Summerlin.
The restaurant is on the second floor in the dining arroyo section.
I was surprised how large both the interior and the outdoor patio were.
There was plenty of room outside on this nice afternoon and we got a table in the shade.
The theming around a school is a gimmick but it's OK.  That's how you make your brand stand out when the food is similar to what you can get any number of places.
I got the fried chicken sandwich with fries and an iced tea.
Service was quick and friendly.
The sandwich was good and the atmosphere was very enjoyable.
Iced tea refills were brought without asking and we had a pleasant lunch.
Public School 702 is A-OK.
I needed a caffeine fix and this was right off the freeway.
I had noticed this location once when I was a passenger in a car and could look around and enjoy.
I filed away in my brain the location so I could stop here when I needed to.
The need arose yesterday.
I had hiked a little under four miles and this was a good place to stop for my daily Starbucks.
I did not use the drive through.
The line was long.
Instead I parked in front and went inside.
The workers were very friendly and competent.
I was in and out in no time at all and right back on the freeway heading to Summerlin.
Four of us gathered to share plates at Sparrow + Wolf--a newer restaurant in Chinatown that once was a pho place.
Items served were:

Charcuterie platter with lardo and culatello ham
Lamb tartare with bhatura bread
Hearth baked bread
Artichoke with white bean hummus, charred tomatillo, mortared herbs, pine nuts & arugula
Butcher wings
Beef skewer
Black truffle meatballs with bonito flakes
Chinatown clams on the half shell
Duck breast with foie gras
Lamb ragu with udon noodles
Beef cheek and bone marrow dumplings
Sweetbreads with grilled romaine hearts, smoked bacon, English peas & fond blanc
Tres Leches--vanilla bean, orange and cocoa nib crunch
Calamansi tart with vanilla meringue and blueberries
Black sesame crêpe with cherry yuzu, marmalade, and whipped cream

With the selection we opted for, there was something for everyone.
The charcuterie platter was nicely done with the N'duja being tops in flavor.
The lamb tartare was very good with the apple and walnuts, as were the black truffle meatballs topped with bonito flakes.
Another favorite of mine was the duck breast with foie gras.
The beef cheek and bone marrow dumplings need work.
The dumpling was very chewy.
Of the desserts we tried, the Calamansi tart and the tres leches were my picks.
The tart was excellent and the tart was a good sized dish meant for sharing.
Service was very good and the music was at a level that allowed conversation while still being able to hear the music.
Later as more people arrived, the sound in the restaurant picked up but it was never loud.
It's a little pricey for the size of the servings but the quality of the food, the preparation, and the presentation make it worth it.
This review is for the deli only.
I wanted to make something different for family that was staying with us.
My neighbor recommends this place highly so I gave it a try.
I bought some boxes of frozen stuffed shells made in house and a container of their house made marinara sauce.
The result when I baked the shells was very good.
I took a look at the other frozen pastas they have, and while the price seems higher than supermarkets.
I think the quality is higher.
Service was just OK.
Even though it was an hour before closing and no one else was in the store, I had to wait to ask a question until the two young guys on duty finished the conversation they were having.
After looking at me, one of them turned back to his co-worker and continued the conversation.
I was going to give the deli 4 stars, but I deducted one for the lackadaiscal service.
Before my show last night, I had dinner at Rao's, something that had been on my radar for awhile.
I made a reservation for 5 PM so I had lots of time for a leisurely meal before the 7:30 show.
I was greeted promptly and taken to a table on the far side of the bar and down a few steps.
It's the last area before you go to their patio.
I had a view of the pool area and one of Caesars iconic Roman statues in a columned structure.
My server, Howard, quickly appeared and asked for my drink order.
He brought my iced tea quickly.
Having read about the size of Rao's portion, I was careful to choose wisely.
I went with the baked clams for an appetizer and the ravioli purses for the main course.
I was soon brought a nice bread basket.
Howard asked me if I wanted some balsamic with the olive oil and I declined.
I poured some of the oil onto the plate, salted it a bit, and then dipped some of the olive bread that was part of the basket.
Within a short time, my baked clams were delivered.
They are littleneck clams that had an oregano bread crumb topping.
I squeezed some lemon on the clams and dug in.
It's been a long time since I got baked clams and they were great!
The lemon mixed with the juices from the clams and I had another dipping "sauce" for my bread.
Very tasty!
The main course came.
Rao's calls them beggar purse ravioli.
The ravioli were stuffed with a mixture of pear and ricotta cheese and they were in a sauce of brown butter seasoned with sage and topped with dried cranberries.
This caught my eye when I was reading the menu because it was such a different dish.
It was excellent, too!
The pear taste with the cheese was very mild and the butter with the dried cranberries was a true winner!
A good dish that's really different.
Also, I had dipping sauce #3--the brown butter with sage was a wonderful place to dip a few cubes of the good bread.
For dessert, I asked Howard for his advice.
He gave me a listing of the entire dessert menu without having to bring one to me.
Of the things on the menu, he recommended one, the peanut butter tart, something his wife makes--she's one of the pastry chefs at Rao's.
The tart had a graham cracker crust, a layer of chocolate ganache, and it was topped with peanut butter mousse.
It was superb!
I'll have the other dessert he recommended on my next visit.
The dinner was very very good!
Service was exemplary.
The staff or Howard was always around to refill water, get more iced tea, remove dirty dishes, and simply to do a great job!
I am a big fan of Rao's.
I have seen this show 5 times and I really enjoy it.
CT always has something current from the news worked into his show.
This makes for an ever changing show with some new things each time I've seen it along with some old standards.
CT moves constantly during the show and he must almost exhaust himself before the end of the show.
His props and box of tricks are always filled with fun things.
My only problem with the show has nothing to do with CT, but I'd like to know who designed the theatre and its entrance/exit.
Wow, what a pain!
Still, seeing CT and his show is so worth it!
This is an easy hike whose distance can be tailored for a number of objectives or difficulties.
To get to the trailhead, take US 93 toward Hoover Dam and turn left into Lake Mead National Recreation Area where the Alan Bible Visitor Center is.
(The VC is currently closed for renovations).
Parking for the trail is on the right side of Lakeshore Road just past the Visitor Center entrance.
The trailhead is before any fee station if you come this way.
The tunnels were built in 1931 to carry all manner of things needed in the construction of Hoover Dam.
The hike is generally level for the tunnels, but if you go on to Hoover Dam, there are some ups and downs to do.
When you come out of the fifth tunnel, you have three options.
Option 1 is to turn around and hike back to your car.
That will make a total distance of about 4.5 miles.
Option 2 is to do a little exploring in this area.
The fifth tunnel is under the scenic overlook parking near the security checkpoint.
You could climb up the bank and enjoy the view.
There are no benches or tables, but you can sit on the rock wall.
Option 3 is to continue on the trail which goes right to the parking garage at Hoover Dam.
Along the way, you can take an Option 3a.
That would be to cross the road going to the dam and enter the parking area of the O'Callaghan-Tillman Memorial Bridge.
From here, you can walk up the stairs to the bridge, walk the sidewalk across the bridge and back, and then hike back to the trailhead.
I have that trail with GPS coordinates on my EveryTrail page at http://www.everytrail.com/view_trip.php?trip_id=873657.
This would make a round trip distance of 8 miles.
Continuing to the dam and back without going to the new bridge would give you a total distance of about 7.5 miles.
The nice thing about this trail is you can also ride it with your bike.
I've done the trail about 5 times hiking and 1 time with my bike and it's a great bike ride.
Check out the website in the listing to read some interesting history of the tunnels and their construction.
Happy hiking!
**** 3.5 stars ****

We had a Restaurant.com certificate for what is now called Alexis Gardens and used it tonight before a show.
Our server, Brenda, was excellent!
My wife is a fussy eater.
She wanted a chicken dish and the Chic
